Not impressed
It's too commercialised, shops everywhere. Shops are more attractive than culture. I'm not very impressed.
Nice Cultural Village To Wander Around
Has quite a bit to see and do. It is a real village with current residents living beside attractions and museums for tourists. They offer workshops for several traditional arts like calligraphy, knot tying, arts and crafts for a reasonable price. I regret not planning in advance. But if you have time, go explore and make reservations for later. Classes are run every day. They take as little as 30 mins to half a day.
Ancient views
From Gyeongbokgung Palace we walked to Bukchon Hanok Village. We got lost and good thing we found information center where they give you a map but they don't speak a lick of english. There are 2 areas of the village and we chose the left side entrance of the road. We rented hanbok for only 1 hour. Rental for an hour is 10,000 won while 5,000 won for the hair arrangement, 1,000 won for the peticot and another 1,000 won for the locker where you keep your belongings while you roam around the village. Many tourists flock the area in the afternoon so better be early if you want to have a moment on your own with no photobombers. The village is very quiet and the houses are picturesque. If only one owner of the house would allow tourists to enter his house then that would be great. We can see the actual beauty of the house inside out. It's also possible to see the inside beauty because there are houses that turned into a guesthouse but very pricey compared to other hotels. All in all its good.
Authentic 
Not so crowded and many hip independent shops among Korean traditional houses. Good place for walk! I highly recommend here. My favorite place in Seoul 
Hanok. Come early in the morning to avoid the crowd
Came here early before I went to Gyeongbokgung Palace. The area is so photogenic, everywhere is a photo spot. As it is a residential area, there are signs urging tourists to keep the noise level down. It is a refreshing experience seeing how old Korean houses look like and comparing it to the high rises that they have now.
Nice ancient area
It is a complex of old villages in the centre of Seoul. It took us a while to figure out the most popular place where there are full of tourists. Again, when you come to popular places, try to beat the crowds by starting the trip early. The villages are beautiful but guests are expected to make less noise as people are still living there. Many of the houses become guest houses so you can come there and stay. It is on the hill so it might be difficult for old people. 
Quaint village in the city
The Bukchon Hanok village is a lovely area just next to one of the big palaces. The traditional architecture is interesting.
it's a unique residential
this place is private quarters for many locals so behave, be quiet and respectful. similar to walking through a french village, you could take photos of the unique architecture. bring good cameras. one of the road has namsan tower in the background 
Bukchon Hanok Village, Seoul
This fascinating area of Seoul is on the tourist route and demonstrates some of the earlier Korean way of living and architecture. Well worth a visit.
Bukchon Hanok Village
This area is gorgeous and very historic. People still live here. It tends to get very busy so plan to go in off-peak times. It’s great to be able to see such a preserved piece of Korean history.
Korean for a day
We visit bukchon hanok village and dress up in hanbook to feel “koreans for a day” and took loads of photos. Be mindful of noise as this is an actual neighborhood where people live. Great little nooks and alleys for photo opp.
Small Narrow Maze-like Street but Full of Beautiful Korean Traditional Houses
Enjoyed maze like street full of Korean traditional old houses. Amazingly people still lives in those houses. Watching roof tops at higher place was spectacular. If you are not sure about navigating street, join the short tour. But lost in the maze would be a fun too (if you have time)
Nice stroll:)
You will see traditional style houses preserved like in the old days situated not too far from the urbanized Seoul:) I felt like I time travelled in an instant:) There are people walking around on their hanbok dresses so it’s so fun and educational at the same time!
Can be skipped
When one reads the blogs and travel books, this place is written up as more exciting than it is. Yes there are Korean houses on this cliffside community. But thats it. If I had known, considering our very limited time, I would just check it out on line. The time could have been used for other activities where being present would have made a difference to our experience.
Must Visit!
It was truly an amazing experience!The rental of the costumes were seamless and the lady was really helpful. The were information staff stationed at different parts of the village and they speak English and were extremely helpful.It was a beautiful village and worth the visit for anyone visiting Seoul the first time. 
Traditional architecture for a quiet walk
This neighbourhood is where the traditional Korean houses (hanok) are located. Some houses are centuries years old and while most of these houses are still occupied by actual living people, some have turned them into shops selling teas, souvenirs, food, perfumes, etc. Good place to have leisurely strolls or people-watching while taking a sip of tea or a bite of pastry.
Heritage Visit
This is our first time exploring this place. We love their house building & their culture. They also have nice cosy cafes & restaurants. It's a must go if going to Seoul as we don't always get to see traditional house building & structure.
Amazing
Surrounded by Gyeongbokgung Palace, Changdeokgung Palace and Jongmyo Shrine, Bukchon Hanok Village is home to hundreds of traditional houses, called hanok, that date back to the Joseon Dynasty. The name Bukchon, which literally translates to "northern village," came about as the neighborhood lies north of two significant Seoul landmarks, Cheonggyecheon Stream and Jongno. Today, many of these hanoks operate as cultural centers, guesthouses, restaurants and tea houses, providing visitors with an opportunity to experience, learn and immerse themselves in traditional Korean culture,.... a must see in Seoul.
Traditional Korea
Bukchon Hanok Village was amazing! Filled with quirky shops, delicious food and traditional architecture. It's surrounded by palaces, galleries and museums so if you plan your day you can walk through Bukchon whilst visiting palaces and galleries. 
Not a typical village as you would expect, however full of character and arty shops
This was a very pleasant area to walk around, lots of craft type shops and many smaller clothes shops. There a number of small museums in the village area including a typical Korean house.There were many local tourist guides around offering free advice and maps. Each time you came to a fork on the map a guide seemed to magically appear with directions, so efficient.Plant places to eat and drink in the area.Well worth a visit.
Quiet Stroll in the morning with Traditional teashops
Viewing old traditional houses gives you some nostalgic feel to the the culture. Traditional architecture of the Hanok house acquaints the visitor on the wisdom of how the hanoks were built with surrounding materials available with a view of the family as a basic social unit and the how the community lived. And it is a good contrast with nearby vibrant Samcheong-dong area and Seoul’s cafe culture.
Love this village!!
Love this village!! Visited in the month of October and the weather is just right that makes this place feel so comfortable. They do have much cafe choices in this area. Will definitely come n visit again next time
A must to see when in Seoul
We used the a Lonely Planet walking tour plan which was quite successful as we are both good walkers and not afraid of hills. The village is well preserved with many old houses with original roofs. It's sort of upmarket touristy, with not too many tacky souvenir shops, although several tourists were wandering around in traditional clothes they had hired taking selfies.
Traditional Korean houses
The Bukchon Hanok Village is a charming village with lots of traditional Korean houses called “hanok”. Some of these houses go back to the times of the Joseon Dynasty. Bukchon lies north of the Cheonggyecheon Stream. At the time of my visit, various tourists hired local costumes and dressed up in the traditional way. There were a few shops selling souvenir items and snacks. The village has guesthouses and tea rooms. In essence the hanoks are like small culture centres where you can learn and gain experience of traditional Korean culture. It would be best to take the metro to Anguk station and walk from there. Admission is free.You should aim to spend between sixty to ninety minutes here.
What’s all the hype ?? 
Small houses have been ‘preserved’ according to korean tradition. Beautiful handicrafts and aesthetic architecture but apart from that horde of tourists clogging up narrow alleys does actually take away the charm. Understably local residents would like tourists to be quiet as possible but the cacophony of increasing decibels can be unbearable. Definitely not for a second visit. 
Residential Area, good for a wander around!
We cheated and took a taxi to the highest point in the village and then walked down ! It is a lovely little village with houses still faithful to the original buildings. We spent a few hours looking around and checking out the little museums and coffee shops. 
Different for non-asian people
I had couple of hours before I leave for my flight. I went there. Nice place to see. You can see how the historical houses are and they are still residential and some of tgem renovated. Worth to see if you are close. 
A Walk in History
This place is literally a neighborhood for residents. They just kept their houses looking like the old houses. It is advised to keep quite here. There is a bit of walk for you here but literally almost everything looks the same.I recommend you spend 30mins to 1 hour in this place.
Know what to expect, look for and do as part of a day of attractions
The Hanok Village is neat to see, but if you come just as an attraction itself it might be a bit disappointing. Since it is so close to Gyeongbokgung Palace, Changdeokgung Palace, Jongmyo Shrine and Insadong you should try to visit all of these things as well as the Hanok Village as they are all within walking distance.It was neat to see the buildings and there are shops where you can dress up in traditional dress and take pictures along the way as well.Things to Note:1) Keep your voices down as it is still a neighborhood where people live2) There are wonderful tea houses, I recommend you stop at one for the experience and the view. An example would be Cha Masinuen Tteul, located along Bukchon-ro 5 na gil3) There are several must see views while in the Bukchon Hanok Village. "Bukchon 8 Views" is where people can fully enjoy the beauty of hanoks and the alleys in the area. Seoul has nominated eight different views and has set up "Photo Spots," from which you can easily find delight in the surroundings inside of Bukchon in order to develop the area as a Seoul’s most representative cultural tourist attraction. Reserach them before you go so you don't miss one :)I would probably allocate an hour or two at the most to the village if you include the tea stop.
Expected a bit more, but still worth a visit
Having missed this on my previous visit to Seoul, I decided to make it a point to visit the village on my next visit. It's quite a hit and miss for me.Hits- The architecture in the area is a great study into how the traditional houses, called hanok, were made.- Some of the houses actually allow you experience, learn and immerse themselves in traditional Korean culture.Misses- So much reconstruction has been done to the area, it made me feel like being in a exhibition, rather than being part of history of the city.- Too many Hanbok-dorned tourists, who don't adhere to the rules (keeping your voices down as it is, after all, still a neighbourhood where people actually live), and that creates quite an unpleasant experience.I can only blame myself for not having included it as part of my list when visiting Gyeongbokgung Palace, Changdeokgung Palace, Jongmyo Shrine and Insadong, as they are all within walking distance of one another! if you're going to plan a visit, I'd set aside an hour for this place.
Pretty area
A pretty area to walk around but it might be best to go with a tour as that would be more meaningful.
Explore Jeju Island
We were welcomed by a very sweet and professional volunteer . She explained about the History of the village with so much fun. Then were brought to a room where she promoted their products. Wow, very expensive! Even the bottle of honey costs more than RM100. 
Loved visiting this village
We loved visiting this street. The little shops are cute, and it is a great place to get a tea. Would go here again. 
Always fun to roam the alleyways
On a sunny beautiful day, the views are spectacular. Fun to roam around taking pictures and photos of all the ladies dressed up in Hanbok taking selfies. Cute art galleries and cafes in the surrounding neighborhood between here and the gyeongbongdong palace.
Nice walk to see Korean traditional houses
Couldn't find the place last year and would have failed too this year although we have the "Korean version of its location" to the taxi driver. Luckily came across the Seoul Hanok center where the nice lady there gave us a detailed map of the area including a suggested walking route to see all there was to see. The major areas were a bit busy with everyone wanting to take photos and selfies but the majority of the path was quiet and very peaceful to explore.Came across the "observatory" which is actually someone's rooftop home where he charges for access to take photos. This can be skipped though. Also found a nice Korean tea house along the way that serves excellent tea in a tranquil and beautiful Korean traditional house setting.
Worth a Stop
This beautiful traditional Korean neighborhood is worth a walk through. It won’t take but maybe two hours or so out of your day, but is a quaint little place to see
Traditional Architecture.
It is very sad that there are tour guide services. But it is worth to visit if you love traditional Korean style or Traditional Architecture.But please read and prepare the related information before going there. Since there are famous 8 views.If you didn’t read the information, you may miss the view. Please quite during visiting. It is because still a lot of residents living there.It is very sad that there are tour guide services. But it is worth to visit if you love traditional Korean style or Traditional Architecture.But please read and prepare the related information before going there. Since there are famous 8 views.If you didn’t read the information, you may miss the view. Please quite during visiting. It is because still a lot of residents living there.
good but. .
A few places where you can see traditional Korean houses in Seoul. Very good place. The residents are still living, but the Chinese tourists are lousy.
Traditional houses & many cafes 
Nice area gives nice scent of traditional Korean-style. Many cafes and nice places to have a cup of tea or snacks.
Nice walk 
After the visit of the palace we went to the village walking around the shops and houses. It offer variety of cosmetics, hand made shops which offer classes, coffee shops with nice atmosphere. Worth going for sure.
Filled with traditional craftspeople and great old homes
This is a great hilly area to walk around. You get sweeping views over the tiled roof tops and also many traditional craft workshops and stores are to be found here. Take the walk and also the area just south and east of it is worth the stroll as well.
Traditional Korea Neighborhood 
Its a sight seeing area where you can see traditional Korea housing. Just a short distance, with 10 minutes walk you can see everything in this neighborhood. Don't forget to take lots of pictures. 
Wandering around in Joseon kind alleys
There are lot of shop offers cheap hanbok rental as u wish to wander around the alleys and take cute picture. Its advisable to not make noise as this alleys now become residential area. Take time to walk around as enjoy the fine architerature arts. And there also convenient store, cafe and galleries around. 
Houses where rich government officials stay, climbing up the slope is not easy
The view was great and very ancient. Feels like Kyoto. If you have issues with legs, suggest to get a cab up there. The stairs will drain your energy.
Very cosy place you really feel to be in a village and not in Seoul
You can get lost in the Street of this very cosy place, really feeling to be in a village and not in Seoul
Tour guide would be helpful
We were lost looking for this place as it is spread out and not very well signed. I would have enjoyed hearing about the place through a guide. Go when you aren't tired. The teriyaki chicken stick and beer saved the afternoon for me!
Downhill walking
An interesting sreet full of people during the Chuseok. Restaurants, cafes shops, life on the street. This time also beautiful Korean national dresses.
It is a collection of old traditional Korean houses
This is an area where ordinary people live. Many houses are in traditional Korean form, but not sure whether they are newly built or historical. They are all similar so after a while you feel so so.
Beautiful and traditional
Loved how everyone were wearing hanbok. Village is full of cute shops, where you can spend all your money on beautiful Korean made clothes. Prices are little bit cheaper than Myeongdong shopping street. From village you can walk to the Palace. 
Fantastic
Loved this place. Real authentic and lots a photo ops. Many small shops and restaurants, traditional houses. Excellent tea houses here and there. Bukchon was the highlight of my Seoul trip.
One of my favorite places as Seoulite!
As a girl who lives in Seoul, here is one of my favorite places in the city. When my foreign friends come to visit, I never skip to bring them here. 1. Bukchon Hanok Village is traditional residence areas in a peaceful and calm atmosphere. 2. This area is connected to Samchung-dong main street where you can visit pretty cafes, cosmetics shops, art galleries, and fine restaurants! 3. There are plenty of shops to rent Korean traditional clothes called Hanbok in this area. With wearing Hanbok and walking around the village, you can enjoy the old town 100%.
Place of history
It is good to see how living conditions were many years ago. Our tour guide was able to explain for better understanding to tourist. Many locals in the area due to holiday season. It a nice small village reach in history.
Authentic Korean life - must see
Bukchon Hanok Village, I was told, is the only Hanok area in Seoul that actually has people living in them as homes today, whereas other Hanok villages are made for tourism show purposes and are not lived in. We didn't get to see inside of an Hanok but just to walk around the area was pleasant enough. There were several quaint cafes and boutiques that made the place feel like a cool hangout area. The area is pretty large. Be prepared to walk a lot to cover them all,
Love this place!
Love walking this area because it really feels like you are walking inside a real life Korean drama scene in the olden times. Do wear comfortable shoes though as there is alot of walking to do. You can also rent a hanbok for an hour or two to walk around the area. It's definitely worth a photo shoot. Also, you can visit the high school that was used for filming in Winter Sonata (yes, it's a long time drama, but still worth a visit. We all love Korean dramas don't we? :)).
A walk through culture and history
I suggest you include this in your itinerary if you are interested to see traditional houses in Seoul. Get a map from the tourist information center. Not sure if seeing students in their hanbok is common but it was truly a nice scene when they are around the area. Wear comfortable shoes and I think it is nicer if it will be done in the morning or during sunset. It has 2 different areas and you can easily get lost in the small alleys and small stairways but never fear because there are a lot of tourist around. You must schedule this on a day where you won't feel pressured walking around. The more you pay attention to the details of the houses the more it will be interesting.Before you go, check what else you can do because I noticed that there are cooking classes or some sort of art classes around there too. Also, if the news shows that there are a lot of people on streets on rally/picketing around the King Sejong statue then avoid this area as no cabs will take you there or pick you up if it is late at night.I also recommend that you stay around this area, its quite a good place to experience traditional houses and it is also close to the tourist hot spots. There was one area with a lot of good food and office workers are actually dine there.
Very interesting
It is an interesting experience walking on the streets of this village surrounded by traditional korean houses. There are even visitors dressed in hanbok. I feel like being transported to joseon dynasty.
Great place to view traditional architecture.
Recent history of Korea has been very tragic and many things have been destroyed by nearby nations throughout history. As such being able to view Bukchon through the eyes that this village allows us a glimpse into something that has been destroyed is enlightening. Going on a day in fall where the weather is nice and it is not busy is awesome. You are able to take many pictures with the scenic spots and there are quite a few cafes and shops to drop by as well. Overall I thoroughly recommend going here and keep in mind the tragic history of this area as well.For more on Bukchon check out my website in my profile.
Really beautiful 
We have spent entire day with our 3 small children walking small beautiful streets of this village. Enjoyed it a lot! Highly recommend.
Feel like local
Today (5/10/17) our next stop is Bukchon Hanok Village. We came here by subway from our Hotel (Nine Tree Premier) stop at Anguk Station. Take Exit 3 at Anguk Station and just go straight, the village located around 600m from Exit 3. There are few shop provide rental for Hanbok on your right sight heading to Bukchon. You can rent your Hanbok before proceed to village.Few restaurant also available at this area. We have our lunch Korean Restaurant just outside Exit 3.From this Bukchon Hanok Village you can walk to Geongbukyong Palace or just go back to Anguk station & take subway to Geongbukyong Station which is on the next stop.However we did not go to the palace, instead we took subway to Yeouinaru station for Hangang ARA Cruise. 
Interesting Section of Seoul
OK residential area to walk around in and grab pictures. There will be some small exhibits, cafes, and vendors around. Avoid during humid or hot summer days, there's a serious lack of shade and a ton of uphill areas.
Beautiful street to look around
You can find beautiful traditional house and street in this place. Plus you can find a cozy cafe :tea story which has really good ambience! Great place to take a time for Korean tea
Traditional village 
This is a fun place to see where people lived and continue to live in order to preserve their heritage I really enjoyed this spot though it wasn’t as exciting as I had thought check it out if you have some extra time but don’t be afraid to skip it either. 
Nice glimpse
Nice glimpse of a traditional korean village. Unfortunately, there are a lot of ongoing construction/restoration during our visit. You can enter some houses and have a feel of korean tradition. Be on the lookout for quaint coffe shops, art studios and activities in the houses that are open.Tip: you can rent a Hanbok/traditional Korean dress and roam around in traditional attire for a "full" experience :)
Historic village 
Our favorite neighborhood in Seoul. Old meets new in this friendly and inviting neighborhood. Easy to get to by metro. Spend the morning exploring, then go find a great spot for lunch!
Traditional Korean houses
A popular tourist spot where we can see a lot of traditional Korean houses. Good for taking photos but some tourists are quite noisy and might disturb the residents there. It will be great if one or two houses can be open to the public.,
Wonderful place 
Area itself where the village located are great you can just set after the visit and get drink nice clean street and village itself it's magical some few houses converted to cafe shop where you can set and enjoy the atmospheres don't forget to RENT the hanbok wear while you going around and don't miss the walking distance palace 
Nice place in seoul 
A very iconic old neighborhood in seoul. Lovely small alleys and hanok houses. Lots of young people wearing Korean costumes, and it makes the place more picturesque 
Village
One of the ancient village in korea which a lot of tourist come ,see ,explore how the old Koreans lived before.This village are open all year round for free admission You can also wear a traditional dress if you want,there's a store before you can enter the village It cost 20$ I think for the rent and free photo ,
Beautiful place. 
This place has its ancient Korean look which will give all photographers chances to have their best shot. Visitors will have a chance to experience how a korean person live back to half of century. 
Lovely place!
We had a really lovely walk around this village! I love all the traditional houses so much. We did have a talk with owners of E-oot hanok, they are super nice and friendly! A good option for those who want to experience "night in a traditional hanok" when in Seoul - they even offer cooking class by the owner herself! 
Overrated
Nothing interesting, it just a few houses with korean traditional architecture. Prepare for lotsa walking.
nothing
not really ancient thou. It's good for photos. That's it. You can rent hanbok there but I suggest you should do so at some palace. 
No what I expected!
I heard so many good comments about this place. Once I got there, I got very dissapointed. Its a little town in the middle of Seoul but nothing to do around. There is a few restaurants and shops but nothing interested. Definitely I wouldn't go back to this place. It was boring!!!
Great to walk around
It's a quaint set of alleyways where you can get to experience Korean lifestyle and architecture. There are quite a few street performances which is well worth a pause. A lot of shopping too from the general souvenirs to the more niche hat shops. A good place to while away an hour just to experience South Korea.
Historical culture visit.
A place worth visiting as it consists history of village residential, truly fascinating when walking and climbing the steepness hill along the residential. They're people living in that village, though its name as a village, rather, more on very much developed small town as compared to my hometown. There are a lot of steep climb along the residential area, I was just lucky because I've carry manfrotto along as had it setup steadily to avoid and beat the uneven road surface, gradient and etc. Spotted one of the houses' walls stacked up by raw bricks inside the village, taking advantage to make use of this wall to do our couple shooting. Many tourists doing their own smartphones shooting too, they were laughing why the hassle where smartphone already sufficed for the photography. I don't blame them, indeed smartphones' quality could be very good for photography, just that maybe I am still old school fella who still doing photography in an old fashion way. 
DO NOT RENT HANBOK HERE
This place is a 15 min walk from Gyeongbokgung palace and another 15 minute walk to Changdeokgung and Cheonggyecheon palace as it is in between the palaces. It is cheaper to rent Hanbok in Gyeongbukgong as they only charge 15-18k KRW for for hours, but in bukchon hanok village it costs 10 KRW per hour so places offer rentals from 30 - 40 k KRW. ALSO DO NOT RENT HANBOK in the rental shop inside the Bukchon-ro 11 na gil street (after Etude house and can be seen as soon as you enter the street left side). THE LADY THERE ALMOST SCAMMED US! first she said that the rental for four hours was 30 KRW, as we didn't have any choice left as we didn't want to walk 15 mins back, we just agreed. And then when we already had the hanboks on they were offering hair clips, bags etc. They just put it on our head and gave it to us. Good thing we resesrched that these things have additional charges so when we asked she said yes we needed to pay extra. So we returned it and said no, we just wanted to pay for the Hanbok rental. So after putting it on and paying for it, she sat us down and pointed at the headband. She said "already included" and then braided our hair and gave us bags. We said, no no we just want the hanbok rental. And then she said "sorry I made a mistake, already included." Ok then we let her do her thing. And then after braiding our hair she was asking for 41 k KRW! because she said that she made a mistake as 30k KRW was onky for 2.5 hours and not 4, plus the braiding services bag etc. We said no we only wanted the clothes and we were refusing the add -ons since the beginning. We stood our ground and almost got very angry until she said ok. But we should've just removed the Hanbok and embarass ourselves in the store because WE SHOULDN'T have continued to rent that hanbok there! My friend sprained her ankle just minjtes after rentinf the hanbok and we adked if we cpuld just return it since we were going home and we will pay for 1 hour worth of rental fee. SHE DID NOT agree despite the situation being an emergency. Given everything she put us through she wouldn't budge even in this situation. She honestly ruined the experience for me. Bukchon Hanok Village is not worth the effort and hassle we have been put through. I feel really disappointed because the people were very accommodating, kind and agreeable until we reached Bukchon Hanok Village. So no, not worth it at all. Just go to the palaces if you would like to see and take pictures of historical architecture.
Traditional Korean architecture, natural stair master!
Lovely traditional Korean architecture. You get a view of the city and it's a lovely way to walk off the lunch. A natural stair master! The houses are situated on hills and some parts are quite steep. So be prepared for the climb. Also there are many tourists dressed in traditional Korean outfits so it may be sometimes hard to take a photo without others inside. 
Not worth it at all, just traditional hanok houses
Located far from subway station, walk 15 minutes go uphill, and nothing than houses.. not my type of tour, 
A fine walk
The area was fine... seemed to be a popular area for white collar lunch break. We just walked around and took in the hustle of resident life. 
Smell history of Seoul and enjoy walking, fantastic place, don;t miss visiting please.
My friend Dimitri insist that we must visit Bukchon Hanok Village, many thanks for him for that, this is a wonderful and amazing place, it's a must visited place in Seoul, the beauty of this place is that showing Old city of Seoul, the streets are so clean, tourist guide informing you where to go, shops, resturants and coffee shops are there for you with reasonable prices, houses are for rich people (may be second house for them) or big families have houses there, you can see very luxury cars inside the houses, you can meet as well Korean with there heritage and tradition dress, they are so friendly, you need to walk for 30 minutes between the houses, I was there with my friends, Dimitri from Greece, Faten and Rana from Lebanon.
Somewhat Overrated
Korean travelers seemed to enjoy this the most. It was interesting to see the architecture, but it is a small area and is flooded with people. I feel sorry for the residents!If you only have a couple of days in Seoul, this should not be one of your stops. The tea house where you turn right off the main street is a gem of a find though.
A residential area of traditional hanok houses
We walked here during our walkabout in the area. It is quite near Changdeokgung Palace. We arrived in the evening before it got dark. Even then, there were lots of tourists. As this was a residential area and people were still living here, there were signs asking people to keep their voices down when visiting. There were several alleys you could wander about. It was quite interesting to look at hanok houses in the city and compare them with the many skyscrapers and modern buildings nearby. We left when it go dark.
Unique experience
Wanted to rent a hanbok to take photos with the beautiful houses but the summer weather doesn't allow :( awesome place for ig worthy photos!
Highly recommend a visit
It is worth spending a few hours here meandering the small streets, and you get great views of Seoul in some spots. There are a few houses that are open to visitors, and there are interesting small shops running through the main commercial street.
Interesting. Well Kept. Quite crowded.
This place is known for its traditional housing images of Korea. It is interesting to see and walk around because cars hardly go through there. The downside is all the tourists are also there like tour groups, families, friends, and couples all walking throughout. So that means getting a shot of an entire empty street is not easy especially if you want the best views. It's a quiet area and there are no shopping stores within so its not like modern areas taken over by all the lighting and music.
Pleasant but overrated IMHO
Strolled around here, and yes the houses are beautiful, the narrow streets are cute and the craftsmen are nice, bit all in all my opinion was that it was overrated. Of course, this is not 'how people used to live in the old days' (fortunately): this is an idealized one-dimensional (and yes, very cute) view of the past, in ultra clean, perfectly restored Hanok houses loaded with gift shops (which says enough... :-)).
Traditional and vintage
the best moment to visit this place with hanbok experience. you can rent it out for 2 hours or more for around 15,000 won. There are alot rental shop surrounding this area
Adorable
Such an adorable neighborhood - charming with no commercial chain stores and love the local independent boutique business mixed with neighborhood charm. Actually shopped much more in this neighborhood than others too. 
Checking the place
This place is the traditional village for locals. So many shops and restaurants along the way. It was very hot when we went there but we enjoyed it taking a picture and trying the little shops. Here you can feel how to become locals like the one you see in Korean drama. Just be careful because cars and motorbikes passes here and they drive crazy.
Early walk 
Started an early walk to Bukchon. Don't expect to see anything much as most places are close before 9am. Nevertheless a good walk without the normal crowd when you are early . Some cafes are already open at 9am
Old Korean Houses
Take your time and watch these beautiful houses very carefully.Most of them are really very beautiful.
Old houses not that impressive
It is not strictly a village. more like few Streets off a main road. Probably will need to ask someone to locate it.We visited this on a rainy day. Got down at anguk station took exit 2. The village is supposed to be on the left about 500 meters away. However we could not find it so ask for a Korean couple who pointed across the road. We still could not see it and we were lost. A middle aged Korean lady was walking towards the opposite direction from us heard our conversation with the couple. She accompanied us and showed us the nicest part of the village. For this she had to walk in opposite direction for more than 1 km as well as had to get wet in the drizzle.I suggest if you are going there get a map of the village from one of the information centers around there.
cultural
bukchon hanok village is the place to take photos and soak in the cultural atmosphere of South Korea. its unlike the hustle and bustle of the city or myeongdong but very quaint and peaceful. be careful not to disturb the residents who are still living there, but do say hi to them if you meet them. an absolute visit for cultural and architectural buffs :) 
Traditional Korean Village
Feel the place, live like local. after going to Gyeongbokgung Palace, I plan to go to this place, walking around 20 mins then you can taking a deep breath and see the surrounding area, just imagine you live in Bukchon, feel so happy to get here :)
Wearing Hanbok and Enjoy the ancient atmosphere
One of the must have places when traveling in Seoul. Make sure you have hired Hanbok to take great pictures
Not worth the time
As a tourist looking for interesting places to visit, this area seems to be just old houses and narrow streets. 
A walk around Hanok village
A nice place to visit & do try the pumpkin toffee if you can from the old man selling it from a bicycle. The toffee is really delicious. You can only get it here!
Nice stroll
The scenery is nice, and it's definitely quite hilly so be sure to put on some good shoes to prepare for the walk!You can rent Hanboks from many places around (I didn't do it; but it seems to be a touristy thing to do so that you can catch nice photos)
More fun to explore without a map
Bukchon is a fun area to walk around in. There's a lot of cute stores and restaurants along the main streets, but it's also fun to explore some of the more residential streets further north/uphill. There are some great views and lots of picturesque traditional homes. I recommend ditching the maps (resistance is futile) and not worry about getting a little lost.
a respite right smack in the middle of a metropolitan
go early. very very early. things may not be open yet, but you can get your drinks/meals/souvenir somewhere else. it's a lovely place to walk around wherever your feet takes you, take in the atmosphere. by 9.30 the area will be buzzing with loud tourists taking selfies although there are many signs to warn people to be quiet because real people still live in the area. be considerate. it will be great of you can stay at one of the hanok so you can be there before/after the horde. 
Visit in early evening
I was visiting Seoul on business and wanted to experience some traditional culture- not easy when you are working all day. My colleague and I took a taxi to visit Bukchon village around 6:30 pm. At this time of day it was quiet and calm. We encountered very few other visitors. We could leisurely explore the beautiful homes and quaint walking streets. The air was cool and breezy- so refreshing after a hot day of trains and taxis. The only downside was that most stores were already closed. At this time, you need just 1/2 hour to 45 mins to explore this area which makes it possible to do at the end of the work day. Then you can easily walk 15 mins. to Insedong for dinner. 
Love it!
If you are interested in seeing a traditional Korean house, so this is the right place to come. Bukchon Hanok Village is the neighborhood area with traditional house. There are also have coffee shop, boutiques and many more shops inside this area. Worth it. I suggest you go to every 8 spots to take a amazing pictures.
Nice village
It's a quaint little area with streets lined with houses from the olden days. We saw many people in Hanbok and decided to try. Inexpensive, starting from 10,000 Krw an hour plus optional add ons. As the streets were lined with Hanoks (traditional houses), the walk in Hanbok was made even more memorable. 
Fantastic
If you are interested in historical architecture this is the place to go to.A large area of traditional Korean housing and buildings. Most are occupied so there are only a few that you can enter and they are either retail outlets or in one case a small museum. If you can go inside do so as it gives you a much better feel of the layout of these unique buildings.Gave us a great feel of Korea
Disappointing 
I was quite disappointed with this place ... it's nothing more than just visiting rows of homes built centuries & decades ago. I was expecting the place to offer greater authenticity, culture & history ... but instead there are modern shops, cafes and private homes with 'Silence please' notices on their closed doors (obviously constant flow of tourists is not quite welcome here). I didn't even get chance to see the inside of a home in this so-called village. Be prepared for the uphill (literally... some of the roads are almost like 45 degrees!) and downhill climb ... so you'll need strong leg muscles and good walking shoes ... no heels! And certainly not for the elderly. Personally I'll advise my friends to give this place a miss ... it's really nothing to shout about. 
Traditional Homes and Great Views
If you're interested in seeing some traditional homes, this is your spot. Lots of tourists line the streets, so getting an early start definitely works to your advantage. Since it's in one of the hilly areas of the city, you can walk up to the top and see all the traditional roofs surrounded by more modern buildings surrounded by mountains. It's quiet and beautiful and harbors lots of cute boutiques, mini museums/galleries, and food spots along the way.
walking along traditional Korean houses while looking over the modern city of Seoul
Gyeongbok palace & SamCheongDong & Bukchon Han-ok village are close enough to walk around. Looking around Gyeongbok palace, having lunch or dinner in SamCheongDong and then walking along Bukchon han-ok, it is more like a timeslip, experience tradition and modernity at the same time.
A Feast for your Eyes
A shop owner where we had just bought some Korean tea highly recommended we come check out this area. Not sure why, we began our hike, I mean exactly that, a hike, because of the steep grade the streets are on. It didn't take long for us to see why it was essential we come see this place. Right next to busy, loud, modern downtown Seoul, you can find this magnificent old town where things appear to not have changed much for centuries. What beautiful homes, this is truly an architectural jewel in the middle of Seoul. Ladies, don't wear high heels! Wear comfortable shoes and take a jacket. Even it it's a warm day, it can get very windy and chilly once you reach the top. This is not appropriate for parents pushing strollers! We loved all the narrow alleys, the old homes that still look today as they did hundreds of years ago. It's wonderful to see how the locals take such excellent care of this old neighborhood. Just lovely! Take lots of photos, if the crowds let you. That was the only negative part of the time we spent here. It's so crowded at times, sometimes you have to wait long periods of time to find an alley or a façade with no crowds to take a decent photo. Enjoy your time here. It really is a must see! Pay attention to details in the craftsmanship of the structures, the wood carvings, the designs, everything! Absolutely stunning!
Dress UP!
Our two kids dressed in traditional korean clothes and walked through this beautiful village. Certainly a highlight of our holiday.
Old city
This is amazing place to discover while walking along the small streets, it is in the area of Gyeongbokgung Palace and Changdeokgung Palace, if you like to spend a night there you need to stay in guest house.
A must go in Seoul
If you have 2 or more days in Seoul, you should include this place in your list. There you would find a village of beautiful houses with unique korean style structure. These houses are well kept and maintained. You would also find a number of locations for taking good photos and so be prepared to allow about 3 hours there. As the place is still resided by local residence, visitors are advised to keep quiet when touring around the area. 
Historical charm
It is well worth a wander through this historical residential neighbourhood containing over 900 traditional Korean houses or hanoks. The narrow streets meander through the relatively confined area and contain many small artist and artisan studios, the odd traditional tea houses and a range of curio shops. There is very little traffic so it is easy to lose yourself in the exploration.
Nice to stroll around away from the busy center
We stayed in a Hanok for 2 nights in the Bukchon village. When you visit Seoul I would really advice to stroll around in the Bukchon village. It's great to leave all the high buildings and the busy live behind and walk between the traditional houses and visit some shops. And when you stay some nights I would also recommend to sleep in a Hanok and experience the traditional live over there including the great Korean breakfast (like we had in the excellent Cheong Yeon Jae Hanok Hotel).
brought old memories
It took me back -- way way back to my childhood. I was very happy to see that the city tried to save the neighborhood. Maybe because the weather was too hot, i didn't enjoy it as much as i would have. There were some charming tea cafes which would have been good stops if i had more time. 
Peaceful and Beautiful Hanok Village
We walked here with our son who lives in Seoul. We enjoyed a very quiet and peaceful view of traditional Seoul culture. The streets are steep so be careful if you have problems walking.
A piece of the past
Bukchon Hanok Village is a great place to visit to see when\\at Korean looked like in the past. The homes are beautiful and well kept. It's important to be mindful of the fact that people actually live in these homes. Wear comfortable shoes because it mostly narrow walkways that go up and downhill. Expect to see lots of people taking photos is tradition korean outfits. 
Commercialised, quite boring
It's still a housing estate so you shouldn't be making a lot.of noise there. The houses are quite pretty coz of their roofs. If you wanna see prettier and much more bukchon houses, go to jeonju, outside of seoul , 3 hr bus ride.If you wanna see even older houses, travel back.in time, visit the Korean folk village at suwon. traditional Performances included. About 2.5 hrs away from seoul by metro. However, it's just a remake of a village not an actual one
Outstanding architecture and the traditional beauty
I had chance to stay the night at Bukchon Hanok village and was a bit worried about how to find the place. However, I used the Airvan Service which brings me to the destination from ICN and that just shorten my travel time. The neighborhood is really cute and beautiful with traditional architectures, Hanoks. As it is known for it's traditional houses, there were so many people walking around even in Hanbok. I loved how the traditional and modern buildings coexist together in this busy city. The Hanoks made me calm and everything looked so peaceful.
Wear good shoes!!
Hilly walk with sweeping views and small workshop places where you could take a class or just watch others crafting away. Cool to see so many dressed up in hanbok (traditional clothing). Find the library and take a break there, too. 
Must visit
There are not many culturally unique place in Seoul to visit, beside the palace, this hilly Korean tradition houses are unique and great to roam around in Korean traditional costumes (recommend to rent one, the price is reasonable). It's not very close to the station,need to walk for a while, do take exit 2, if you come by metro Angu station. Recommend to stop by tourist office to get a map.
Beautiful traditional houses
This village provided a wonderful insight of traditional Korean life. They were very clean and the local people were friendly. It was really nice to see beautiful traditional clothes being worn.
Step back in time 
While the houses here are the historic ones they are actually real houses that people live in so be wary not to make too much noise. Worth a visit if you are visiting the nearby palaces (can walk by foot). Check out the information centre to hear about the free house museum that's worth going to. 
A quaint old town with traditional korean homes
Good place for a 3hr tour. Most residents are already used to the invading eyes of tourists peeking into their homes. Uphill/downhill narrow streets . Outside of the hanok village are many good restaurants including touristy ones. A great place is the steak house just at the road junction at the entrance to the billage. You can't miss it.
bukchon hanok village
one of the old quarters of seoul where the traditional houses have been renovated. it gives a good view on the living conditions of wealthy Korean families in oldersn times.
back in time
There is no bad time to come here. Day, evening, fall, spring, it has little treats around every corner and everyone seems to enjoy being there or discovering it.
Avoid in the hottest month
Nice place to explore but August is the hottest month so this not an ideal attraction. Will be better for other months and Seasons.
Back into old Seoul
This is a must see if you want to see the traditional Korean house. Beautiful area where you can enjoy shopping, unique shops and food. A nice way to spend half a day enjoying the views and food.
Back in Time
Bukchon Hanok Village take you back in time to olden Korean houses and structure. Very picturesque and quaint to walk along the area to see the houses, street lamps and roofs. What is incredible is that people actually live here. Make an effort to visit as you will not be disappointed.
Pretty place for photo-taking
It's quite a hike to get to Bukchon Hanok Village but the view is worth it! Look out for the guides in red shirts to guide you to the village.The traditional houses are stunning and the neighbourhood is peaceful. If you have some time, pop by into some of the stores there.Good to grab a banana milk and some snacks while on the way:)
Beautiful traditional area
I love this area very much. It is very traditional. Just walk around and you can imagine yourself dressing in Hanbok! This area is also a walkable distance to Samchongdong which is full of shops and cafes. It is also very nice to walk in fall. 
South Korea's Best Kept Secret
Seoul's largest concentration of Hanok, traditional Korean homes that dates back to the Josean Dynasty. It's a busy tourist area, but it's still a pleasure to get lost in the streets here admiring the patterned walls and tiles roofs contrasting with the modern city in the distance. Many operate as cultural centers, guesthouses, restaurants and tea houses providing visitors an opportunity to experience, learn and immerse in traditional Korean culture. Anguk Station Subway Line 3 Exit 1/2. 
Bad experience in on of restaurant 
Just ordinary view. I suggest you to find a restaurant with a fixed price that show in front of it, or you should pay the expensive price like we did.
Must do
We stumbled upon this street while walking around the palace - it's a must-do. It's super cute and just wander around the streets and stop for a bite or a fun drink. 
Nice to walk through but admittedly quite boring
This area is often described as a 'living-museum' but that oversells it. The walls in the area are plastered with posters advising where you cannot take pictures and constantly telling you to stay quiet. I understand this is due to the fact that people live and work here but then there are stalls exploiting the tourists who are playing music out loud to attract people. A strange place which, though not exceptionally busy, still a tourist spot through and through. Not that much to do or experience.
Nice Korean traditional village
We walked throughout the village. There are many shops selling different items, from clothes, shoes, art items, etc... loads of restaurants and cafes too. Different from city shopping. 
A bit of "old" Seoul still in place.
I like this old style village in Seoul. It is nice to have a look there, get a drink in one of the cafés and take some photographs.
Traditional and Modern Korean architecture side by side
Here one can see the traditional and modern korean structures side by side, Narrow allies, well maintained traditional building structures.it's an amazing view.
A pearl in the middle of the city
Beautiful old and small houses. Just take a slow stroll between the houses. Many tourists though. Since there are locals living there you have to be quiet to show respect for them. Unfortunately some people dont seem to understand that.
Korean village
I love this place. I visited Bukchon Hanok Village right after GyeongBokGong in my rented hanbok. I felt a different vibe walking around in my hanbok. Should give it a try ( you wont be the only person walking in a hanbok).
Traditional korean houses
We originally planned to visit this village around 2pm after our gyeongbokgong palace visit and ginseng chicken lunch.However, the scotching hot sun is really unbearable for us and we decided to visit here around 5pm. Houses are beautiful and built on inclined pavement. There are lots of signs to remind visitors to lower their volume. Quite a unique experience despite the hot sun.
A piece of Korean village in Seoul
We had a nice and peaceful walk through the streets of Bukchon. There are some nice views of the city from the hill.
Very interesting ancient neighbourhood
You can take the subway line 3 (orange) and get out from Anguk station at exit 2 or 6. Go north towards Buchon-ro. There at interesting quaint shops along the way, and some Sundubu restaurants the local visits. Walk about 100 M or so to the intersection and Bukchon village is a little further up to the north. Turn right 100M to Changdeokgung Palace or turn left a 120 M to Gyeongbokgung Palace. You will find plenty of Hanbok rental stores and I recommend 3355 Hanbok rental for their cleanliness and service. Do be very quiet in consideration of residents still living in the ancient houses. The structures, doors, roofs, walls are very interesting and make good photo back drops. It is not necessary to go where all the bus loads of tourists are led to. There are some more further up and opposite the road. 
Nice
Nice to see but still missing to renovate some of the houses there and it will be perfect. Nice places to see and drink and eat. Very charming anyway. Nice pictures to do but recommend it on the night mainly. Thanks 
Beautiful Korean Traditional Homes
Loved my visit to the Bukchon Hanok Village! This is the only place in Seoul which still has traditional korean hanoks around. It's amazing to see traditional houses right in the middle of the otherwise cosmopolitan city, almost like taking a time machine back to Joseon era!
Traditional Korean houses
If you never been to a traditional Korean "village" this is a place for you! The village is not far, and when you walk in you feel this is very different from the city - you can see the old architecture, building, culture. If you love those old style building, don't miss this place.
Better visited when the Bukchon Visitor Info Center is open
Strolling through the neighborhood on a Sunday, when lots of Koreans are in traditional dress, is fun. But having informaiton about what to see, provided by the Visitor Center, would make the visit even better. So don't plan to go on Sunday!
Good for a meander
Good for a quick visit and to see genuine hanok houses that people still live in. Close to palaces so can wander through the village on the way to or from them.
Didn't find the exact place
We use Google maps to find this place.We walk along the road of some of Hanok village but some of it has been modernise.Definitely will go again to find the right place.
Beautiful area
The tourist infomation centres can provide maps to the more photogenic parts of the village. We also noticed map stands placed at various locations within the village.The tourists were out in force on the most photogenic street. Nearly every door and every wall had a sign reminding people to be quiet as these beautiful old homes are lived in by normal people. I don't think the signs were working.It was quite obvious that the hanbok rental places were doing very well in this area as we were vastly outnumbered by the hanbok wearers.Be prepared for some hill climbing.
Nice for a little walk
This area is a great contrast to the modern city. Lovely old characteristic houses. Good for a nice walk around.
Travel in time!
A place where you can find Korean traditional houses. Felt I was transported to a different time. Considering how ultramodern Seoul can be,really nice to find a place like this! A must visit for tourist. An Iconic village! Wearing our rented hanboks, me and my daughter enjoyed roaming around this beautiful village. We felt like a local!
Nice Hanok Village Right In Seoul
If you don't get the chance to get outside of Seoul during your trip and want to see a Hanok village, this is a good option. Our Korean friend was super excited that we were finally visiting Korea and wanted to show us around, Bukchon was one of the places he brought us one afternoon. It's a very pretty, quiet place to walk around for a couple hours, and there are some nice little shops there, especially if you are interested in Hanbok clothing or crafts. If you have the opportunity to see other Hanok villages on your visit to Korea, you probably don't "need" to visit this one, but if you have an interest in them, this is a very nice place to walk around and take some photos.
Traditional buildings
Probably worth visiting once but not as good as the traditional streets in Kyoto, Japan. Many resturants. 
Okay
It's ok. A bit overrated I think. Wear the tradition clothing will make the experience a lot nicer! It's a bit hard to find if no maps or wifi... but sure u can experience the local atmosphere herex 
One of the quietest places in Seoul
We stayed in a Hanok in this "traditional" neighborhood. It is also a bit touristy but in a relaxed way. It is a sort of open air museum. A lot of houses are restaurants, shops or hotels now but it is one of the best places to relax and escape the frenetic pace of the city.
Beautiful little village
Need to climb small hidden stairs. Beautiful quite little traditional village. Must try their tea houses. 
Our walking tour in Bukchon Hanok Village
We went to this village on 29 June. It was awesome. Lots of cosmatic shops. We also had a local lunch at a Hanok Resturaunt. the food was delicious. Within Seoul it gives a flavour of village life. lot of school children were running here and there.Full of vibrant life!!
Nice place to visit
Bukchon Hanok Village is a Korean traditional village in Seoul with a long history located between Gyeongbok Palace, Changdeok Palace and Jongmyo Royal Shrine. Just go to Anguk Station and. Just drop at Anguk Station exit 2 and walk straight. However, if you like you can visit first Gyeongbok Palace and after walk to Bukchon, at Bukchon you can also find the best Korean Ginseng Chicken Soup going to Insadong area. There are so many traditional Korean houses here and if you are a Kdrama fanatic, you can see the house of Lee minho in Personal Taste drama , House #3. Enjoy your visit at Bukchon hanok village.
Americans visiting Seoul, and staying in a hanok
We are from California and are in a hanok right now! It's so beautiful inside. If you get a chance to rent one, do it! We have had lots of people knock on our door, asking to look inside. I don't mind though.
Overrated but good
I found this overrated but good nonetheless as it gives you a glimpse of actual Korean residence without the trappings of highrise living. When visiting this place be mindful though that it still a residential area so keep your voices down. Just take good photos. 
An over-valued scenic spot in Seoul!!
Be smart to avoid becoming one of the non-sensible tourists who just follow what most others did....unless you are a westerner who has never visited the east and seen nothing about Chinese/Asian-styled temples or architecture online.There you could only see the walls mainly, and some roof, that was all. Not a big area, just two to three small streets. It was rather ridiculous (for me at least) that so many tourists went there and caused disturbances to the living residence, thus there were many notices reminding tourists to keep quiet now. While there was not much to see or not easy to get any surprise, one worthwhile thing you can do is perhaps renting a set of "Hanbok" (Korean traditional clothing) at a cheap price of W10,000 and then take photos. But better do this in the early morning, or more and more tourists will be there.
nothing much
tough way to walk uphill in the hot summer weather.most of the houses are closed, cannot view the interior.only can take photos from outside. after a while, all of them look the same.
lovely traditional houses
To find this easily, go to the number 8 must visit spots in Bukchon which is available in all maps. The place is hilly but worth it. There are many tourist here but you can still capture the hanoks. If you are into kdrama (personal taste) this is not where the filming was shot. It is on the other street.
Korean traditional houses
This community is on the slope of a foothill. We followed the google map and got off the bus at wrong stop and walk back to the village. The sign was hard to understand the best way to visit the village. Confused us a lot! The authority should improve the sign to make it easier to understand and please...in English! Almost everything here cost you money, take a look at the signs carefully...
Beautiful part of the city, a pleasure to walk through
I loved strolling through the narrow and quiet streets of this village. Traditional Korean houses, beautiful gates, a lot of green! Here and there you'd stumble across small artsy shops selling anything from souvenirs to leather shoes and ceramic works of art. You feel quite removed from the city in this area and you feel compelled to check out every single store that you encounter as they are all so different and creative. There are also small old style restaurants and modern cafes so one could lose a couple of hours walking around.This part of Seoul was my absolute favourite.
Amazing historical place, beautiful and quite
I went there after lunch and had a pleasant walking for the whole afternoon. There is a lot to see. Better get the village map in advance, becuase the village have two parts that are separated by a main road, and one side is much larger. Don't miss any part of it !
Traditional Korea
First of all - it's residential area, so don't talk loud and behave nicely :)Second of all - try going there in the early morning if you want to avoid crowds and take pictures of empty streets. Otherwise wait and queue.Third - if you come early, be prepared that most of cafes and shops open there around 10 to 11 am.Overall definitely worth a visit if you want to see traditional culture and buildings.
Very cute area
Beautiful traditional houses and quaint little streets with nice views. Shops and restaurants too. Had great Korean BBQ lunch!!
Please observe good manners!
If you want to see traditional Korean houses in Seoul, the best place may be Bukchon Hanok Village. But, someone live here. You need to watch your manners in public places. 
Old Seoul city
Most of the houses in this village had been renovated but they maintain the outside facade, so it is very interesting to walk around the narrow alleys in this village. Each house has different main gate design.
A walk through time 
This would a must visit destination for those Korean drama lovers. To avoid crowds go in the morning as the tour groups tend to arrive by 11am. Please avoid making too much noises as these houses are still resided by residents. The top of the hill has a great view of the city. Also enjoyed traditional Woojeon tea at a traditional tea house. A street vendor also sold amazing fresh fried dumplings between Anguk station and Bukchon Hanok Village. 
Such a nice neighbourhood in Seoul centre
So nice to walk in this neighbourhood with those old traditional houses. Many people do hire the traditional korean outfit to visit this area. A pleasure for the eyes to see those coloured Hanbok in the streets.
Quaint and beautiful
These are essentially people's homes. Such beautiful traditional buildings and quaint narrow streets...but imagine having your neighborhood so overrun by noisy tourists that you need to stick up "Silence Please" signs on your doors. Sad....
Combine this visit with Gyeungbokgoong Palace and rent a hanbok for A$20
Tip #1: Download maps.me app as you will need this to walk around BukchonTip #2: Download Seoul subway and bus app so you can see which transportation can get you thereTip #3: I took taxi from Seoul City Hall for 10 000Won (A$11)Tip #4: The little streets have no semblance of logic. Road 1 is cut off and suddenly appears somewhere else. Maps.me could help but you just have to mosey around a bitTip #5: Great cafes and places to sit and watch the world go by hereIf you go to Hanbok-Nam, for A$20 you can rent a hanbok and walk to the palace and take some cheesy fotos. This is good fun. Or wear it and have some selfies taken in this quaint ballina which hides cafes, restaurants. Its is about 10 min walk to the palace. Go early so you don't get the smattering of tourists, say 11?
Heritage, Cultural and more
Love the little allies here surrounded by Hanok - traditional Korean houses, one can find a few DIY jewellery shops as well as little cafes and Korean eateries. Try to be there around noon time as most shops open after 11. If your schedule allows, book for a Hanok Stay, well worth it!
Traditional small village
Very cute place with many old traditional small houses and narrow streets. Has many cute small cafes and souvenirs shops. And have many hanbok rentals
Pretty village nice coffee
Went here after a visit to Namsan tower. A lot of hype from people about taking selfies in a hanbok. The site offers a glimpse of the past with a lot of alleways to get lost in. Enjoyed the walk then found some pretty good shops with a some good deals. There are a few boutique places to visit but the coffee shop with its cold brew equipment was great. Try their homemade cookies for snack whike walking around. Then going further down a few good souvenir shops. When tired there are a lot of taxis to hail and taxus in korea is cheap although they can be a bit of a maniac.
good walk through
We walked through here with a tour guide so it wasn't so confusing which might have made the trip nicer than it could've have been if we were on our own but we had a great time in the Hanok Village. The homes were beautiful and we got many beautiful photos. We even made a stop where we went inside one of the homes that was on exhibit to show tourists the size of the inside of the houses l (which are tiny by the way-I don't know how people live like that). It was a very lovely walk through and lasted about an hour. However it was a bit of a walk to get to the village so if you are not up to a 20 minute walk or so with an incline I would not recommend the Village to you. 
Nice area to take a walk and pictures. 
Bukchon has really old traditional houses that people live in actually. On the hill you can see Seoul N tower. A bit hilly but nice to take a walk 
Lovely visit
A lovely place to visit in the city. Nice area and walking routes through a residential area featuring the old style of houses. Great photo opportunities and views across the city. The quaint shops lining the streets toward the station were interesting and nice to pop in. Nice away from the real hustle and bustle of the city.The only reason I give it 4 stars is because I currently live in Jeonju and we have the infamous hanok village. 
Interesting
We walked through the village after having visited the palace - a 10-15 minute walk.The village was very interesting although we weren't fortunate enough to get into one of the houses.Lots of souvenir and finger food opportunity as you stroll the streets.Some great views at the top of the hill, the village houses with the city views in the background.Worth a visit.
A Must!
Such an adorable little village and a must to visit during your trip to Korea. If you can, book an Air BnB and stay in a hanok for an amazing experience.
Nice and peacefull place
This was very nice rest for me in this place. A lot of interesting architecture buildings, beautifull park with a lot of flowers and green leaves. Nice introduction of Korean history for me and nice rest in this rush city. I recomand this place for visit and spent nice time.
Cultural houses with modern shops 
The best thing about it was the traditional Korean houses which the people actually lived in. Very instagram-able and photogenic place. The modern shops were nice to know, but not so much different with others in the city. 
A few old houses on the hill - reminder of days gone by
Small "village" which is basically a few old houses (representative of traditional Korean houses) on the hill overlooking the city that has not yet been demolised to make way for tall towers. If you really don't have much time in Seoul, can skip this. 
Cute area to walk around
Seoul is obviously a very metropolitan city, so it was nice to walk around an area with very traditional Korean houses for a little bit. We should have looked up beforehand because we ended up joining the "trail" halfway through. But you get the gist of it pretty quickly. The village is now dotted with cafes and artisan shops that are worth stopping by if you're in the market for some souvenirs. If you want a nice break with a view, go to the cafes at the top of the hill.
Interesting place! 
This place is near by Palace (around 20' walking). The area is totally different from the Myongdong. You can discover the houses in traditional styles stand beside the ones in modern but the general is so harmonies. At the end of the Main Street, you can see an university which is built with the style of Europe. 
Tourist spot
Bukchon hanok village very near to Gyeongbokgung palace.From main gate of Gyeongbokgung palace we just follow the street and then turn left after that just go straight untill you find the street name at right side.( you need to cross the street).Btw,its better you if you get a map from tourist information office.so many people wearing hanbok around this place.Great experience.In small street got many mini shops which sell cloth and light food.
Modern clean and lacking character 
It was awkward wandering living neighbourhood which was clean and well kept. The building design are interesting to look at. There are none to go in and I spotted to drink stops on the outskirts.Worth a look if you have time but Seoul has so much more to offer.Thanks for the vote if you found this review helpful 
Beautiful traditional houses
Road abit steep at some point, would required to walk up slope.Do wear comfortable shoes.Beautiful place for photo taking.
Remember you are in peoples backyards!
A nice enough place but nothing too impressive about this area. You see some nice architecture and some nice houses a lot of which have been modernized but have been kept in the same Hanok style. This is an original area. Just remember before you go mooching around that these are peoples homes and some have very big dogs so beware! About 20 min leisurely walk from the metro, shops and restaurants along the way. If you want to hire traditional Hanbok dress for male and female there are plenty of shops around the area to help you walk around like you were back in the day. You will see lots of people walking around in the traditional dress with the vibrant colours.
Touristy but still worth a visit
My family took subway (Dark Blue line1) from Seoul station for 3 stops to Jongno 3(sam)-ga and transfer to Orange line 3 for 1 stop to Anguk station. Exit 3 and walk towards Constitution Court of Korea, and carry on walking for another 5 mins up slope and you should be able to see the entrance to the conservatory Bukchon Village. For those who has plans to try out their traditional hanbok costumes, one can try renting them in Anguk station or shops around the station. One advise is to go early so one would have the widest choices of prettiest and best hanbok available to choose from. Cost wise is normally 10,000won for 2 hrs, 20,000 for 4hrs. 
A village frozen in time...
It's amazing that this traditional Korean village even existed in the middle of the modern metropolitan city of Seoul. Start at the Bukchon tourist information centre, get hold of a walking map and follow the recommended walking paths, which will lead you through numerous residential alleys - uphill, downhill and through stone stairways. You will be feted with picturesque views all round, from prettily preserved traditional houses to scenic views of the surrounding hills and palace rooftops. Oh, since this is an actual residential area, be respectful to the residents living there.
Very pretty
We didn't find it at first, but when we did the picturesque village was worth a look. Be awarw that there are quite a lot of tourists (like yourself) that are in the way of that perfect picture. 
Korea traditional villages 
Very unique place. This is the traditional place to take picture. You can find many place to rent a traditional hanbok
Beautiful Village
Enjoyed the walk up the hill and taking photos of the beautiful houses along the way. When you get to the top of the hill, you can see a great view of the city all the way across the N Tower. Great place to just take a walk and enjoy the neighborhood.
Picturesque historic neighborhood
We enjoyed taking the walking tour through Bukchon. The walk goes up into the hills a bit and can be steep in some places (kind of uncomfortable in hot weather!) but you will wander along some beautiful and photogenic streets and see gorgeous hanoks. The lower level areas are more commercial with restaurants, coffee houses, ice cream places and nice shops.
explore Korean culture in the center of the city
Warning: Bad English! Bukchon is the perfect area to explore real Korean culture in the city center. Though this area is very touristy but still a quick way to observe the real Korean while enjoying shopping and eating.Go to the tourist information center and grab a map to guide your way through. Without the map it is pretty easy to get lost as all houses seem to look the same! There are 8 photo spots where you can get the best photos of Bukchon, especially number 5 and 6 on Gahoe-dong alley are the most popular spots (and of course most crowded). Actually number 5 and 6 are the same spot but one is from the upward view and the others is downward. Bukchon is surrounded by souvenir shops, cloth shops, restaurants, tea houses and hanbok (traditional Korean dress) rental shops. In every minute I saw women in hanbok walking around and take selfies, that's cute. Be quiet and respect the locals since this is a residential area. There are signs telling you not to disturb the locals. Just a few hundred meters north of Bukchon, it's Samcheongdong-gil road where there are heaps of nice restaurants. And if you walk further, you can find Gyeongbokgung palace, Changdeokgung palace and Jongmyo shrine. So come in the early morning to complete this walking route. It's an easy and joyful whole day trip. I visited Bukchon in mid April and I saw some cherry blossoms. I think if you wish to see them in full bloom, you need to come in early April.
Climb and walk and climb and walk
Road very steep at some point, gorgeous architecture. Lots of tourist, beautiful scenery at the higher point. A must visit when in Korea. 
Traditional village!
It's an old traditional Korean village. Some/most parts are private. It's a long stretch and will take an hour walk to finish. A lot of stores you can see along the way too. Wear comfy shoes and clothes! 
Stepping into a quieter time
This area of traditional hanok houses - and new ones being built - is full of arty crafty workshops and tourists dressed in hanbok having their photos taken. It's a pleasure to wander round the lanes imagining a less frantic way of life, if you manage to go at a quieter time. You can get a map at the visitor centre showing where a lot of the workshops are. We visited a gold leaf workshop where a lovely man took great pleasure in explaining his work and showing examples to us with no expectation of selling anything. There are also quite a few residential buildings with notices outside telling you to be quiet - not much chance of that!
A Trip to Old Seoul
Picturesque, charming, hilly, rustic, stone and earth dwellings. A look backward to the traditional homes of the elite. Also, museums, galleries, cafes, traditional Hanok houses. If you make it to the top, I have been told, the view is spectacular. My bum knee kept me from making it that far. Sigh.
Must See Korean Traditional Houses!
Hanok is a term used to describe Korean traditional houses. Beautiful place to stroll around. Authentic Korean houses with a lot of nice souvenir shops, coffee shops and also restaurants. You can rent hanbok here and you can also enter some of the houses for free.
Good place to be if you have some time
I got time to visit this place. It is a culture hub and intend to share it with those that visit the place. While all the houses are privately owned, some owners opens the place and share the unique Korean culture, art and crafts. There are also several homestays for tourist that wanted more in-depth look at Korean culture.
Free walking tour of Bukchon village
I went on a free walking trip to Bukchon village on June 18 . It was luckily a small group of 6 and we had 2 guides Ms Jua and Ms Diam. The tour started on time at second exit of Anguk Station and lasted about 2 hours. It was informative and interesting and very enjoyable if it was on very sunny hot Seoul day. 
Must see, but does not require much time
Really cool, small, historic houses in the middle of modern Seoul. Definitely worth stopping by for some great pics.
Better to visit in cold weather
I'm a big fan of Korean dramas, so this place is gold for me. My friends and I found joy in just walking around in very cold weather (less than 10 degree Celsius), we stopped for photos every 5 minutes because every corner of this village look great in photos.
Neat place to see
Neat little village to see and experience. Very nice and clean place. Quietly located on the East coast of South Korea. 
History!
This area is beautiful. Seoul is one of the most interesting cities because of its ability to mix new and old architecture. The village is very fun to have a walk in.
Old school Korea
We had a fairly difficult time finding the actual village proper, because after getting off at the right subway, you need to walk a long, long way to see any tourists. We definitely had different expectations upon arriving. What we assumed was a museum-like town turned out to be an actual residential district! People actually live in this part of town, and what makes it a "hanok" village is that all of their homes resemble the old "hanok" of Korea's past dynasties. Unless you get a walking tour with a group, you won't have any commentary at all. But if you go here yourself, you can find a hanbok rental store and wear their traditional costume around the village for 1-2 hours! I think it's a great deal and is worth the Won because the experience of wearing their costume freely around an old-school style village is priceless. It's like you're living the life of a traditional Korean princess! Besides that, there isn't much to see or do. 
Bukchon Hanok Village
This lovely, traditional district is sandwiched between the two main palaces in north Seoul and so makes an excellent place for any visitor to stay. The district is full of good restaurants, interesting workshops, some specialising in silver and ceramics. The old Hanoks.are central to the charm with lots of interesting architectural detail. It is a quiet area and delightful for an evening wander and a delicious meal of Jeju black pork. 
Interesting enough to see, but not much else.
This is a neighborhood with traditional Korean houses, many of which have been converted to shops and museums when the residents were bothered by the tourists. Strict laws require that the traditional architecture be maintained. Due to the destruction of the Korean war, this area provides an uncommon view into the old style homes of Koreans, and is therefore worth the visit. In our case we included it in a private tour we arranged with Sweetrips, an excellent tour company which is the subject of another review.
pleasant walk
nice walk around traditional homes - you need to keep quiet because it is a residential area. for an added flavour, rent some traditional clothes to wear on your walk. great photo opportunity if there weren't so many tourists.
Elusive
We walked the main street as per the map, & although not sure what we were looking for, we didn't find it!! With some help in translating, we asked some police officers, they couldn't tell us where the village was either!It's an older area, & well maintained, although we didn't find anything "traditional".
Traditional Korean culture
You are surrounded by houses built in the traditional Korean style. There are places where you can rent Hanbok, traditional dress, and it's lovely to see people walking around wearing them, taking photos! We found a nice tea house where you can enjoy some authentic Korean tea and snacks!! A place you must visit!!
Walk among Hanoks, look around galleries
One of my American friend wanted to visit Bukchon, so we took a trip here on sunny sunday. It was a good choice. If you visit Bukchon, walk along "북촌팔경(8 views of Bukchon) and see the city's skyline from the top of hill. There are signs pointing it everywhere, so it's easy to find the way. Also, there are plenty of free galleries around this village. Their sizes are humble but pieces in them are quite good and modern. Most of the exhibitions are held in Hanok houses, so you can actually get into the houses to see them. For rooftop view, there's a good spot at Old Bath House building. Now it is changed into eyeglasses shop("Gentle Monster") and its rooftop on 3rd floor is opened to public.
Old Korea
Near by historical museums can be found, lots of shopping, food and you can see also tourist wearing Hanbok; old architecture of their houses can be seen here.
Must See In Seoul
A great area to visit. Wonderful traditional Korean homes with very interesting architecture. A nice walk from the city if you leave somewhere around City Hall, Soedemum or Myeongdong areas. A nice choice of restaurants and specialty stores in the Bukchon area.
Quaint village next to large palace
This village makes for an easy duo with the large palace beside it. But please be quiet and courteous to the residents!
Traditional old street
Nice area for a walk. Hanging around the traditional style house and street is making it really nice.Enjoy the architecture style, the wall, the door. Every step is a bit different.Just get yourself lost in there and don't follow the crowd.There is as well an observatory which is just a 5th floor flat that gives a view over some roof top. 
So many tourists
Bukchon is a small village which full of ancient architectures. It's not only a tourist spot, local people are truly live inside! So we have to keep our voice down when walking through the village. It was nice visit here. 
Nice to see
It took a while for me to find this place, because it isn't easy to find. We ended up following a tour group to find it. We walked from the palace to this place, probably 15 minutes walk, but we got lost several times, so it actually took 1 hr. The surrounding area between the palace and this village is very hip, so lots of shopping and eating. The village itself is small, aside from photo-op, not really much to do.
Only a few parts are traditionally a Hanok village
if you don't have the time , then this place is worth a short visit of about 2 hours . The place is big and you might not see the real Bukchon Hanok village. here is a tip -Get a map from the tourist office at Insadong . They are really helpful and will point out which streets to go to. only a few streets are worth seeing. The rest are just too modern. but if you really have time and want to see a real Hanok village then take a day trip to Yongin , ( south of Seoul) or go to Andong Folk village. They are really two Hanok of differing eras. Yongin is reflective of earlier Joseon whilst Andong Folk village is more a later Joseon. Whilst Bukchon is more like a 20th century version of a Hanok village. Korean drams use Yongin and Andong as film locations for Saguek dramas.Here is a tip, go to the visitkorea website and join a free walking tour with a guide you will learn so much more of the Bukchon area. Lin Lin
Awesome!
This village preserves traditional houses and buildings. The design is amazingly beautiful. Wanna come back again someday!
Classic Korean village
Super nice and pretty village. There are still people living here so tourists are told to be quiet at all time. It is better to follow the suggested path to walk so you won't get lost. Worth visiting!
Narrow Streets and Traditional Houses
We took the walk ourselves and in the evening. It was lovely to see the narrow streets and traditional houses with traditional roofs. There were many cultural experience places but were closed because we went in the evening. It's a walk up hill and at one spot we could see all the way to Namsan Tower.
beautiful
walk around this neighborhood is so great.surrounded by mountain and the house in this neighborhood actually very traditional.and yes people do live here, its not just an attraction of empty traditional house.just take ur time and get lost in this area.wonderful
A blend of modernity and tradition
Beautiful neighborhood in the northern part of the city.Surrounded by beautiful mountains, it is peaceful and traditional, but you can still find shoppibg and nice cafe
Great visit
Great visit to Bukchon Hanok Village. There two places you can go around. from the National museum, you can cross the road and go straight along the streets. you can wander around the but you need to careful because there are people living there. There are signage that tells you to "shhhhhhhh". You can take a pictures here and there and also you can see the view of Seoul from here too.Aside from the architecture, nothing much you can do here. To go there : you need a courage to climb up the stairs. Prepare some water along your way.
Scenic view walk of the old versus new
Take your time to admire the architecture and some home allow you to walk into it to see it. Wear comfortable shoes as it really take time to admire us sering the city skyline. There are foodies and souvenirs. Do not discard waste after eating & drinking it plus no loud voice so as not to disrupt the home owners. Enjoy it with patience. 
Old style neighbourhood still lived in today
This area of the old style houses is very interesting.It's still lived in so there are the "Shhhhhh...." signs which is a nice touch.The small streets & architecture of the old style Hanok Houses is very interesting.Recommended viewing if in Seoul. 
Not Exciting
I visited other traditional villages in South Korea that were much more interesting. I believe a couple craft shops were open, but aside from architecture, there really wasn't much that interested me.
Bukchon hanok village
One of best... area we visited. We love to go back and stay more time. Great place to see the old house... Great place to take photos. 
Old Seoul
Another place you have to experience -its a total contrast to the modern skyscraper Seoul and thankfully it have not been bulldozed down....
A very interesting place
We visited this village in the morning. It is nestled behind commercial shops and restaurants so we had a hard time looking for it. We saw ancient and traditional houses which were given to the nobility during the past. Hanbok rental are available for authentic feel during those times. I got to wear one. Amazing! 
Traditional housing area
Is good for picture taking. Otherwise nothing special at there.Nearby Gyeongbukgong palace. Beside that there is few souvenir shop around. 
Nice area
Visit if you like architecture and also buying/looking at handicraft items. A lot of the traditional houses (with proper signage) are actually open for visits (free) and you can pick up a map from these locations that have a route planned out for you. At the end of the route, you will end up along Yulgok-ro 3 gil which is a very trendy and lively street with shops and nice modern/traditional blended houses. This street is connected to Insadong
Beautiful 
Another great spot in Seoul. Im jealous of the people who get to live here. The architecture is beautiful and there are an infinite amount of spots to take great pictures. There are also plenty of stops to eat and have a beer. Definitely worth a few hours of your time. 
Just some houses 
Title says it all, this is just a collection of 'traditional' houses. Nothing really special as the houses have a very modern feel about them. Lots of toerists in traditional Korean dress which about sums up the authenticity of this place. Skip.
A urban village with ancient walls
This place is very good is you would like to see how the houses look like in the ancient times. It has the unique looks of the past and closet to Gyeongbokgung Palace. You may want to plan your itinerary to visit this two places together if you are keen on both attractions.
I walked along the past
A place where you can see the distinction of old to modern houses. They preserved the legacy of the past. Enjoy walking and you can feel the tranquility of the village especially If most of the visitors know how to show respect by not too noisy. Most of the houses are privately owned and they need privacy. Visitors should take that into consideration. We should be thankful because they open their village and they allow peoiple to step along their historical place.
Nice to see but no must see
Currently there are some constructions going on and the whole place feels very touristy. Expensive shops around and a lot of Asian tourists in hanboks trying to take "traditional" pictures. Everybody is just pretty much hunting that one picture.I feel sorry for the residents as there are various signs to keep quiet.
Worth to visit this beautiful place when you are in Seoul
Really amazed of the beautiful Old Korean House and the beautiful cherry blossoms that surrounds the village. It`s very near Myeongdong, and just get off at Chungmuro Station exit 3 then just 2 minutes walking and you will see this beautiful Korean Village. There`s a lot of activities you can try to. I was amazed of the cherry blossoms there.
A Walk To Remember
This quaint and charming neighborhood situated in the center of Seoul is truly a sight to behold. With 600 years of history, and architecture and culture not found elsewhere in the capital, this is indeed a "must-see" on your Korean Itinerary.
Just beautiful 
Please remember these homes are all occupied and it is a residential neighborhood. The homes are just spectacular and the area is wonderful. It's located in between the two palaces so I highly suggest you make a day out of it and visit all three sites. If you're up for some fun rent traditional Korean dress and go to the village and palaces. The outfits are beautiful and the rental places do your head to toe look. There are great local coffee places and we both enjoyed sipping on coffee while admiring the traditional architecture. 
Nice to say we did it, but....
We went there, but only because every SK guide book we owned told us too! It was beautiful and if you like the historic scene then give it a whirl; I personally found it boring and intrusive to the people that lived in the area. There's not a lot to see or do there; however good shopping, coffee shops etc in the lower levels and Parallel to the Hanoks! Knowing what I know now, I wouldn't have made an effort to find it!!
Living history 
Bukchon Village is a residential area, people still live there. But the old houses are well preserved so you can see the traditional Korean style architectures . And it's quite close to city centre, and just a short walk from the subway station. It's amazing how they can preserve a whole village of traditional houses in their capital city. Some of the houses have been converted to tea houses and shops so you can go in. It's an expensive cup of tea but I think it's worth it coz' you can go in to see the house. When you visit, you should be mindful that people live there, so you'd better keep voice down. The villagers put lots of sign outside their homes so I guess they are pretty annoyed which is understandable.
Heritage walk
this is a must visit place while you are in Seoul.. stacks of korean style home and few shops along the way.. has a view of the neighborhood... rent an hanbok and take a picture of yourself in one of the studios. there were many boutiques where you can pretty stuffs .. 
Great Neighborhood
This is definitely one of the places to visit in Seoul. The traditional Korean houses are a sight to behold. 
A gen
Walking thru the village took us into the past...quite a contrast with the modern buildings in the background. 
Village Charm
Lovely historic buildings and houses make this an interesting place to visit. I was not able to locate the tourist information office that was marked on my map so I was really unsure of where to start. There are some maps up that show the premier spots. I was a bit concerned for the people who live here as floods of people are loudly trekking through their neighborhood, taking pictures of their property and sometimes even entering their homes as their were many signs up identifying private property. 
Traditional district with old style houses
Lovely place to explore. Old and traditional architecture and a few cool shops located there. Not a place for shopping but gives you an idea on how housing districts were like 50 years ago. 
Worth a visit
You will see how Seoul looked befaore the civil war and can sea the dramatical changes from traditional to modern western city
Always love this place
Always love the houses here. Only setback is there are also many people taking photos of this place. So quite difficult to get a good shot.
Traditional Korean houses which are still in use today..
This place gives you a good insight into how Korean people lived in the past. Luckily, people still live there today and you will come across a open house for you to explore.You have to remember to be quiet when you are waling around, people still live here and go about their daily lives.Great for photography. So many alleys and streets to explore with some little hidden gems to discover. I think a review is useful to highlight what this place is all about, but I really do not want to spoil it for you. Put this on your list of must see places in Seoul. You will not be disappointed.
Walking around in hanbok!
I rented a hanbok from a shop in the village and walked around. The hanbok rental shop opens at 10am and it costs 15,000 KRW for a 2 hour rental! It was a very fun experience and I took many photos at the hanok village. There is a museum there where you can actually walk in and see the interior of a hanok. There are also many shops there where you can engage in some craft works, like embroidery or knot tying. However, these workshops can be a little pricey. 
A well preserved old section of the city
There are only a few sections of the village that are worthwhile. Otherwise, it is too modernized (people actually live in those houses). I guess I expected a isolated neighbourhood frozen in time. Bring a map with an itinerary so that you dont wander needlessly.
You can't miss it.
This is a very pleasant neighborhood to visit, with lots of little shops, restaurants and tea houses. It gives you the opportunity to feel like you have left Seoul to enter a small village. Lots of tourists in the main streets, so you might want to go through the side streets. That is what we did and we were often alone.
Some very nice parts - and some less exciting
Not far from the Gyeongbokgung Palace you'll find this interesting neighborhood. I couldn't stop comparing it to the absolutely lovely "Sannenzaka Ninenzaka" in Kyoto. And that was probably a mistake....because Kyoto wins big-time.But on its own it is actually a nice part of town. Unlike Kyoto, where the area is filled with lots of shops, restaurants and tearooms, this area here is filled with actual houses where people live in.There are the occasional shops and a few tearooms, but for the most part is consists of residental buildings. And these are very pretty, authentic, traditional Korean houses....the Hanoks, hence the name of this area.At times it is quite a maze of narrow streets, some quite amazing, some a bit less interesting. If possible, pick up a road map from the tourist guides. They wander around this area.Some parts have really stunning views, check some of my pics for that. It is also nice to see people wander around in traditional clothes (Hanbok)....even though mostly rented (free access to all palaces if dressed like that). The combination of the Hanoks and the old-school dressed pedestrians give this area a lovely charm.Since people do live here, be a bit respectful. There are signs everywhere with a few ground rules. Even though many tourists completely ignore these, especially when it comes to the noise. Too bad.So, it's not as great as Sannenzaka Ninenzaka in Kyoto. But a lovely part of Seoul nonetheless. And in walking distance from the palace. Be sure to visit both.Wanna know more about me and my trips? Check my profile.
Beautiful and peaceful
Me and some friends rented Korean outfit and walked the streets for about 2 hours. I highly recommend doing this. We had a lot of fun.
Nice Walk! But be Quiet Inside!
I enjoyed walking around here. the walk has an inclined pathway and it was difficult for me since I went here at the end of my DIY trip for the day! Best to go here in themorning when you ahve full of energy. But everything is worth it. Very Korean at all aspect. These are actual private residences so always keep quiet while touring around.
A village near the palaces 
A part of Seoul with old houses. As these houses are private, you can't enter them.Beware of the art shop in the beginning of this village - they try to rip-off you.And also beware of a private observatory on the top of the hill. You can see signs to this private observatory which leads you the wrong way. Better to go up to a long street where many free lookouts are available.
Cool Village
One of the places that is a must go if you are in Seoul. Coming from a place where there are no more villages, this is very interesting to see how the houses are uphill and stacked next to each other. Recommended
Great place
You can really have the feeling of old Korean here. I love the atmosphere. But, it will be great shall there are more information about the area. No tourist information there. 
Be prepared for uphill walking
15 mins walk from Anguk station Exit 2. It's actually a residential area so you can't go inside the houses to see. It was hot when we went so the fruit flavoured soft ice cream was a wonderful treat. Love the grape flavour best, tastes just like grape bubble gum! It's uphill walking so wear comfortable walking shoes. We dropped in to a traditional Korean tea house for a drink and to rest. The cold drinks served were really refreshing. Quite pricey though. 
Old streets in modern city
If you want to see old houses in modern city yoy have to visit this kind of skanzen we call it. But houses here are living ones.
Great FREE thing to do
I just loved walking around this place, its a little slice of old world Korea stuck inside a concrete jungle, LOVED IT EVEN THOUGH IT RAINED ALL DAY - just a good excuse to stop and sit in a cafe for an hour
Beautiful and unique 
Step back into time when you visit Bukchon hanok village. Very nice place to see easy to get to. It's about a 10 minute walk from the subway. 
Well worth a visit.
Took me back to bygone days.Do visit the information centre first.Volunteers give free tour.Pick up a very useful map to help walking round the area.
Historic Traditional KoreanAlley
Very pretty little alley. They said it has been there for 600 years. Don't forget to dress up before you get into the alley. The shop just around the corner, and they are renting Hanbok. You will get the best experience walking in the Alley
Must see 
I had one free day during my business trip in Seoul and decided that I wanted to see the traditional Hanok village and I was happy I decided to go there after the visit at the Palace. It was a lovely neighborhood to take a leisure walk, cute little coffee shops and local noodle shop there. 
Just OK
We enjoyed seeing the old neighborhood, but not sure it was worth the walk up the hill to do it. Lots of posting about "Private Residences". Combination of residential and small shops.
Lost in the city
I love the fact that seoul still preserve the traditional houses quite well. Tourists still able to stroll sround the neighborhood and enjoy the scenery while being lost in the trace of Jeoseon. Sometimes I feel like I'm time travelling.Be reminded that real people live in the area as it's a real neighborhood. So please be mind of your voice while strolling around.
Hanok Village
Visited Hanok Village. It's a nice 1 hour stop over to visit traditional Korean houses and take some great photos. Theres one house towards the beginning of the street where you can walk around inside. Make sure to grab some photos at the top overlooking the village with the city back drop. 
Great historic place to visit during spring cherry blossoms or fall foliage
This is a cool place to see some historic Korean residences, tea houses, and shops. It is an especially photogenic place during the spring cherry blossoms bloom time and during the fall to see autumn colors. I would recommend bringing a camera and simply enjoying a stroll around the many streets of the village. You could also rent Korean Hanbok costumes to wear at one of many shops in the village, if you want to have a fun and experience part of the culture.
Take the map and you wont get lost
It has much photogenic spot inside so i suggest you to take the mapAnd it has some store that sell clothes with cheap price..What a surprise
Guided walking tour
Good thing that we booked for the free local guided walk otherwise we might not appreciate as much the history and culture of this place other than seeing the type of traditional Korean house. Started at Unhyeongung understanding the history of this palace, the differences in the gender affecting the housing and decor before walking to see the high school where Winter Sonata was filmed. Followed by the hanok village itself where the guide also brought us to see the Kokdu museum and sharing with us which houses were used by which k drama with which popular Korean actors/actresses. Recommend to go for this guided tour rather than walking by yourself plus it is Free!! 
Love this Quaint Village
Quaint place to go..Anguk Subway Line. Be prepared for a long walk and absorbed in the atmosphere. Here one can see many of the young & tourists will dressed up in Hanbok (National custume) and walk around here. A very lively pleasant scene...and they do look very good in them. Took us half a day here, Absorbed in their culture, there are people still living in the Hanok Village, thus one need to be aware and try not to disturb the neighborhood peace & serenity.There are also some nice shops here too...quaint local restaurants too..Seeing the Hanboks I get the feel of being drifted into their period dramas...One get free entry into the Gyeongbokung Palace. This is the original Palace , the other Changdeokung Palace is the UNESCO site. Both palaces situated around Bukchon Hanok Village...but rather far away from one another...Once you are around here, one can get to Insadong as well.Thus one need a full day of energy to do the whole area outside Anguk Subway!
Close to Insadong
It's nice to see where locals live although there are so many tourists that many locals are moving out. There are lots of signs asking people to speak quietly. Walls are thin in Korea. The old architecture is a great photo op. 
Traditional houses, and that's it
Nothing much in the area except to see the traditional houses. There is a famous lookout spot for you to overlook Korea, but the view is not great. Headed to the palaces shortly after.
More than the main street
The stroll their is definitely a great one. You ahloud definitely go in the high streets that are in the north part for more original buildings. 
Good way to experience old korean architecture
I've been there on a transit tour by Incheon airport.It's a nice area with an old houses. Most of them are residences, so you need to be quite
This place has to be seen
This Village was nearly wiped off the map during the occupation period in Korea's history but the residents set about rebuilding the Village in the same manner as was previously on the site and they did a great job a unique wander around 'a historic village' albeit reconstructed some 50 years ago. A great job done
Beautiful 
I was in Insadong and just followed a crowd to see where they were going and ended up here in the beautiful village area. The houses are well kept and mixes in with new coffe shops along the streets. I was amazed by all the cozy coffee shops and would love to have more time to just sit here and relax and people watch. The streets have something old and something new and ha a very artistic expression. I will spend more time here on my next trip to Seoul for sure. There were also a lot of people walking around in traditional costumes that you can rent on an hourly basis. 
A pleasant stroll
This is definitely a highlight if you are in the area and seeing the palaces either side of it. You won't spend long here since there is only a couple of streets that actually contain the old houses but they are very photogenic. 
여유롭게 둘러 봤다면 더 좋았을...
관광객이 너무 많아 천천히 돌아보지 못 한 것이 너무 아깝습니다만, 너무 큰 기대를 하지 않고 아기자기하게 펼쳐진 골목길을 둘러 보고 현대식 건물들 사이에 남아 있는 옛 모습들을 즐긴다면 더 좋았을 것 같습니다. 단, 음식점들이 너무 고가인 관계로 잘 조사한 후에 적절한 식당을 미리 알아 가는 것이 좋겠습니다.It was a big island surrounded by modern buildings. It is good to walk slowly through back alleys. I would like to recommend to wear Han-Bok (Korean traditional costume. there are many rental shops) and take some pictures in front of traditional houses.
hanok village
quiet and beautiful village, remind you and give you a picture of an old Korean people's villages, beautiful experience within this village,there are places to buy souvenirs
Well preserved traditional houses
Bukchon originally was just a small residential village and due to the exposure of the K-dramas and became a tourist spot. The village preserved the traditional house structure and design of Korea. It's actually nice to walk around the area. There're nice cafe and restaurant around that offers traditional teas and dishes.And you can see staff walking area with a "quiet" sign, cause Bukchon is still a resident place.
Nice area to walk around
The Bukchon area spreads around Anguk Station. The area is quite large, so it may be a good idea to plan in advance based on what you would like to see. I chose the area where you can see the palace and traditional houses, since I had a limited time in the afternoon. If you have more time, you could walk more and see more. I found a free map/area guide along the way from Anguk station, and it was quite informative as well. People live in those traditional houses, you'd better not to disturb them.
Beautiful traditional houses 
I visited Bukchon hanok village with my friend. I like those beautiful traditional houses. Eventhough they were old but those owner maintained them very well. Unfortunately we cannot enter those because they are private residence. 
a place to wander
Next to the Gyeongbokgung palace, this village has great cafes, restaurants, art galleries and shopping. As a tourist destination it is promoted as streets of older style Korean houses, so all the delightful shops and art work was a bonus. Loved the Interesting murals on the walls of the village. I would enjoy going back there again for a longer time.
Hanok houses worth seeing
It's worth seeing the Hanok village but (honestly) it's a pleasant hours walk nothing more - you'd struggle spending a whole day there...
Beautiful palace !
Cant be here for long coz this is a private house for some peoples. And please be quite here if you dont want to makes the 'ajumma' with a board angry ;))Better you take a pic here with using hanbok !!
Authentic traditional Korean houses which are not made for tourists
This is a real residential area which are not specially made for tourists.The owners of the houses are still staying in the house. Therefore, tourists are always being reminded to be silent.A must go in Seoul to experience the old seoul culture. Quite a bit of up hill and down hill walk but definitely worth the visit.
Just waste my time
The village was not far from Anguk subway station, around 20 minutes on foot up to a small hill, but to be honest, there was nothing much to see or to enjoy. The old houses in traditional and typical Korean style were there but they were modern with luxury cars and so on. Tourists flooded it with hanbok and camera to take their selfie pictures just to show off on social networks. We don't recommend this to those who look for a real culture of local Korean without being frustrated by the tourist flood.
Not impress
basically im not impress with bukchon hanok village. it waste my time for 1hour. it walking distance to gyeongbokgung palace & national folk museum. 
Rows of Old Korean Houses
This is a private area wherein you can see old Korean houses. A bit steep for walking and lots of tourist. Good to go to see the traditional houses in Seoul. 
Touring Cyclists 
It was great to see the five different houses in one place. English interpretation is proved, both on the signs and in the pamphlet. You can view all the rooms and there contents, unobstructed , but not access then.
Wandering old Seoul
Make sure to spend time wandering the streets of Bukchon while in Seoul. There are guides and a route, that takes you up some lively streets with cute little shops and artist galleries, and also quieter neighborhood streets. We very much recommend trying to do the whole loop, as it is a great way to see the beautiful old Hanoks and neighborhoods. Make sure to leave time to pop in and out of places that intrigue you, and if you have an extra hour to try your hand at learning some traditional Korean arts from the many workshops tucked into the streets.
Picturesque glimpse into the past
See the traditional style of houses which are still lived in today. Many have been converted into shops & studios but plenty are still lived in. There are some nice views over the city from the top of the hill. 
Me and my boyfriend trip
We went there and walk around the village. There have many couple weared the traditional korean dress and took a photos and The best thing is Bulmakgol hahaha that is a delicious big cow ribs I ever had.
just an area of old buildings
Did not really sure what to do here. Too crowded to take a decent pic. Lots of cafe and art gallery. A maze of old buildings.
A nice walk in the park...
This is a great activity to pass a couple of hours in Seoul. It's a beautiful little walk, and interesting to see the replica houses on the grounds. An excellent choice for families with younger kids! 
A fantastic Korean escape from the chaos of the capital
Hanok village is a fascinating little piece of ancient world, away from the chaotic Seoul and its traffic. I visited there few years ago and I found it so peaceful and quiet to walk around the old houses. Me and my friend even found a small teashop where we did the tea ritual, with a very particular rose tea. We really felt in peace, and walking by we saw that also other tourists were walking in silence to have the best experience possible in such a magical place. Thanks to my friend Viky for having taken me there in the first place, I wouldn't never found out if it wasn't for you! 
Serene
Beautiful gardens and a lovely place to spend an hour or two just strolling through the gardens and the traditional buildings. 
Nice picturesque area
Nice area on a hill, and very touristy, with small shops, some restaurants. Surprisingly many new buildings inbetween old ones (or old looking ones).
Ok at best
Not sure if i missed this hype completely but the area is a blast from the past and a proliferation of independent stalls. Certainly can use an hour or two here. 
Excellent Way to Spend Half a Day
Old town Seoul. Lots of shops and restaurants. Many pedestrian walking streets. This is where the palaces are. Good way to get a sense of Seouls history and pleasant area to spend half or a full day. Make sure to visit one of the palaces.
Walk, Walk & Walk !!!
Can see the original house of how they stay way back till now maintaining the same structure.Be sure you are quite cos they are actually stay inside the houses
Ancient Korean Village 
Decided to visit this part of Seoul as it appeared in some Korean drama before . These traditional Korean houses are actually with residents inside so the tourists have to keep their voices down as not to disturb them . Great for photo shooting especially with Hanbok ( Korean traditional attire)which you can rent from a few shops around. Can see some couples have their wedding photos taken here. Leisure strolls along the narrow alleys while admiring this historical architectures is fun & relaxing.Worth a visit if you want to learn about the ancient culture of Korea!
a little bit tricky to find this exact area
nice place to take photos, especially if you already renting the hanbok and wearing them before going to this place. the perfect itinerary was going to rent hanbok around the palace, going to palace and strolling around and after that you can go to this village with that hanbok (because usually the renting time was just 2hrs or 4hrs). 
What A Nice Village
You get to see how the traditional/ older houses were and you can enter some. It would be interesting to live here. These houses are actually lived in, so be conscious of where you step and keeping the noise levels down.
Lovely architecture
We decided to rent a 'Hanbok' (traditional Korean attire) to take photos. The photos are cute, be warned the outfit is quite layered and there are a lot of steep walking. We were pretty hot and sweaty, but the time we were done but it was a perfect opportunity to sit in one of the many cafes or homes that offered drinks.
Pretty Vilage
You have to hike to explore Bukchon Hanok village , The house is pretty some house have beautiful garden inside. There are craft shop and hanbok rental shop around Bukchon Hanok Village.
Ancient Korean Residences 
This is actually not a tourist area but private residences! People stay in these homes. Try to stay quiet and respectful while exploring the area. The village has many old Korean houses. Little shops and eateries line along the streets of the exits, and you can rent a hanbok to walk in all day at a rental shop nearby. 
Crowded but still worth visiting
I do feel sorry for the residents in the area. The crowd were just ignorant to the fact that they are really noisy even though there are signs everywhere asking them to keep the noise down.I still think it is still worth visiting the village. The hanoks are pretty and the area is safe and pleasant place for easy stroll. Try to avoid the crowd and come early in the morning.
Walk down the nice and traditional neighbourhood
Beautiful place to take a walk along the traditional Korean houses which there is people staying there. Will see alot of silence sign on the door. Still a good place to walk and take picture. 
Time stops in Bukchon Hanok Village
The alleys brings you back to the past. The beautiful architecture of the structures there are affidavits of the history. Bukchon Hanok Village preserves South Korea's traditional art by offering activities with trainers to everyone. In the small room, one could feel the passion of the trainers with the intricacy of the handicrafts made. It was a wonderful experience for a first timer with clumsy limbs. 
Soothing Cultural Walk
It was raining but still fun to be walking along the ancient alley.By passed some shaggy old gift-shops & fragrant house that leads to a hilly pebble route to the hilltop. The view is fogged by pollution from China so the post-card view is not there, still there are old architecture and natural landscape that's worth the walk.TO enhance on photography & free entry, rent traditional Hanbok from Insadong  for 4hrs 10,000Krw which will definitely bring memory and joy looking at them years later. ALSO, Hanbok-wearer has free admission to UNESCO sites: Gyeongbukkong, Museum, Village... etc
Lovely place for a visit in spring
We were lucky to enjoy the beauty of the cherry blossoms while we were strolling the area which has many little shops offering interesting finds.Nice place to spend your day in a relaxed atmosphere.
Travel
There are a lot of things to visit, you will see the traditional korean's house and very friendly people at that village.
Cultural
There really was nothing much to do here but take pictures and some stroll around it, so overall it was simply okay.
time slip
I walked on old street. There are many old korean style houses around the area. Tourists are wearing traditional clothes and enjoying like TV drama stars who act as girls in old palace. There are many rental costume shop. I wanna try someday.
Picture perfect houses and streets
A nice area to walk for a couple of hours. Lots of places to have coffee, tea and food. Interesting little stores scattered among winding narrow streets. Lots of other tourist but lots of locals too!
Prettiest little district in town
Must visit! And take lots and lots of pictures.Every spots are picture spots. Don't ever miss coming here.Period.
45 degree angle
If you're a fan of treadmills and you've been doing the climb and these streets are all yours. The scenery is beautiful and the cultural heritage is surely there. This is not a museum nor a public place, these are people homes and they live inside there. There's a lot of warning not to be noisy and appreciate the neighborhood but seems like the local teens are the one that so noisy, all the tourists from abroad. At least when we were there, are all paying respect and keep their voices down. Many girls wearing gorgeous hanbok took pictures here and there's a delicious delicacies like octopus, taebokki. And i love the perfumery there too. A must visit for sure. on the top of the road there's like a temple, but walking there is a bit tough, do use walking shoes. 
Bukchon Hanok Village Day Tour
On 10th April, I, Chiu Yong Yong and my friend Low Soh Lar had the chance to meet tour guide Mr Lee Nam Su on this trip. The trip was very interesting. And the guide was very illuminating. The guide was not pushy and was very attentive and helpful. 
A walk along traditional village
We came to this place by subway, stop in anguk station (orange line) and walk by 700 meter.This village is beautiful, there are some traditional houses, shops, small but cozy cafe, alleys with unforgettable memories.In some shops you can borrow hanbok, traditional dress with many color. Local people and tourist like to spend their time here.One fine day, we stroll along the village, this village also residential area, so we have to keep silent.If hungry, there're a lot of snack seller. I tried toppoki (traditional snack), strawberry mochi and enjoy them so much.
Great traditional experience 
Loved the vibe of this place. Great picture opportunity and a few places to rent Hanbok. This area has lots of small cafes with nice earthy feel to them. We spent about two hours clicking some memorable pics in this beautiful part of the city. Please keep about 20 USD for renting a hanbok , locker and other accessories. Do visit early as it can get crowded with visitors who are here mostly for pictures in the traditional outfits.
Nice view
At least half day tour. Must try Hanbok at only 5000 won rental. Many shop. Wonderful scenery. Also have a lot of restaurants. Free enter.
Bukchon Hanok Village
This is a beautiful and interesting part of Seoul with the old-style architecture faithfully preserved and renovated. Many great photo opportunities as you walk around. There are a number of nice shops in restaurants as well. Arrive early to avoid the hordes of tourists in period costume.
a taste of old Seoul
An awesome place to walk around and feel the old Seoul, with gorgeous traditional houses.Great place for photography. the streets are narrow, downhill and uphill. Wear good walking shoes.
A small village worth visiting 
Came here after reading reviews. Managed to find after following the instructions on the street map. Walked around for nearly an hour 
Beautiful Cultural place
This is an awesome cultural place with beautiful architecture. Very nice walk with many old traditional houses. You will run to many visitors in Korean traditional hanbok. Such a wonderful place to visit in Seoul.Surrounding this village is a number of small and cute boutiques.
Quaint old houses and nice cafes
Strolling along the quaint old houses of Bukchon village was relaxing. It is a residential area so one needs to take note not to be too rowdy. The residents seem to be used to living in a tourist attraction and a few of them even sold drinks like barley tea.There is also a row of cafes along a main road beside the village. I had a green tea latte at Osulloc and I'm still missing it. The cafes are beautifully renovated and nice to walk along them. If you are in a group, you could also try cafe hopping.
Traditional yet designger
The traditional houses in the hanok is very well an inspiration for building designer bunglows in today's era!! I liked it very much.
A great afternoon! ☀️
After visiting the main large palace, we found ourselves discovering Bukchon Hanok village. It was that far away. Great neighbour full of beautiful shops. Lots of people walking around. A wonderful atmosphere. Stop at a traditional Korean tea house! Shoes off. Sit on the floor. Beautiful tea! 
Cultural and architectural
I love the look of the buildings. The architectural and colors are very captivating. A good place for photography and you can also rent the hanbok (culture wear) and take photos around there. A lot of nice buildings. Good for half day tour. 
Cultural..awesome architecture!
Hign on a hill, many steps to climb but well worth the visit. From the highest point you can see the roofs of these homes and also their open courtyards in the middle of most homes, a unique architectural point. One word of advice: please enjoy it in silence or talk softly since it is the residence of many people. Please do not litter. The residents are nice enough to allow us to traverse in front of their homes to take a peak into their historical culture so please do be respectful. 
Great Place for Photo worthy pictures.
The first time we set foot at Bukcheon Hanok Village, we fl in love with the old traditional houses with a modern twist. Fast forward today, we went back to the same place to have our wedding photos taken. Highly recommend anyone to visit this place of interest and to take time for a slow stroll to absorb the beauty in it.
Interesting korean Village
Walking along the street with nice architecture seen @village. Lovely place with a typical touch of Korean culture.
Where the present meets tradition!
Lived here for 6 months! WOW! Quintessential traditional Korean! Beautiful traditional buildings and you can rent out Hanbok costumes (traditional Korean attire) to complete the feeling. A part of all tourist stops when visiting Seoul, and just to the right of the Royal Palace and the Blue House. Some superb gastronomic cubby holes .... eating is Seoul is overall cheap and an unforgettable experience - after a total of 18 months ... a complete convert!
Beautiful 
Walking through the streets is so nice, seeing the old style hanok homes, also before going into the hanok streets there's a lot of cool shop for souvenirs or for food too.
Wonderful old houses
Beautiful old houses here really nice to walk around almost car free. Lots of people wear traditional dress while hoing around
Intersting Site
Historic Japanese homes from the early 1900s preserved and restored to look as they did originally. People still live here so there are signs all over asking for quiet as loads of people wander the narrow streets and paths up and down. Interesting to see but not a whole lot you can really do here..
Very lovely place. Typical part of Korean history
This small village really takes you back to the Emperial era in Seoul, with its traditional homes and the nearby residential areas.
Very cool area in Seoul
This was a neat little area of town with some great houses. Cool old neighborhood. Great restaurants near there also. Hiked to the top and checked out a lot of the houses. Definitely recommend seeing this area.
Average
Alight at Anguk stn exit 1/2. Pretty much a distance(to me) from the station. There are maps nearby to facilitate the search. U can take pictures but be silent pls. There are a few convenience stores on the way.
Tradition meets modern
Loved walking around here. The main street is all modern, shops and restaurants. Up the side streets you find traditional homes and residential areas. Some hills are steep. Really great to see the contrast. Many Chinese tourists hire hanboks and pose for photos here! Funny to watch. I think this is a must visit place. 
Very historical
Loved walking through this historical area. Many young people were walking around in Native Korean attire who were glad to be photographed with us. 
We LOVED our time here
Bukchon Hanok Village was #1 on my list of things I was excited to see in South Korea. We stayed at a wonderful Hanok Guesthouse (check out Raon Guesthouse) and were able to explore the area with our host as a guide. Honestly wish we had spent the majority of our time in this area of South Korea, and less time in the more city areas in the city-proper. Take your time exploring the quaint shops and restaurants here and being part of the village's authentic lifestyle.
A blast from the past
Stroll through this area to see the traditional hanok homes/buildings. Some have been restored and are much more modern looking. I enjoyed chatting with a local shopkeeper that invited me to stay and enjoy a baked sweet potato with her. This was another favorite area of Seoul
charming neighbour!
pros:- charming neighbour with traditional korean house (please low down your voice theres residence within the house)- you should come here early morning to get a good picture. during day there are so many tourist walking around.- good place for photography and sight seeing- its free to walk aroundcons:- very small areas. you can finish less than 1 hour- not many store, cafe and restaurant within the areas. mostly just residence house- you need to walk around hilly areas.- not a good place to visit during rainy day- i dont see any public toilet around the areas
Pretty Neighborhood
I just love walking around Bukchon Village, its so pretty, so many cheap boutique, hidden instragamable cafe. Just pretty..
Boring
Unless you're into olden days architecture there is nothing much for you to do or see here. It is like walking around outside of people's houses and taking pictures as if we (or they) are aliens. I don't understand the hype about wandering in a housing area. 
Be prepared to walk uphill
Nice little cultural village with traditional houses. Have good walking shoes if you're going there. There are a few good souvenirs stores as well as nice small restaurants and snack stalls. We were there on a beautiful sunny Saturday so it was quite packed.
The Modern World Is Creeping into The Past
You can get a sense of days gone by when you stroll around Bukchon Hanok Village - A Hanok is the name for a traditional Korean house and there are some 800 of them in and around Bukchon. You have to hunt for scenes where there are no electricity lines, tourists or other modern paraphernalia for your perfect photo. You do get a sense that many of the properties have be restored with modern materials and the area seems gentrified with trendy art and food outlets in and around the village to cater for the tourists.
Nice area.
Nice area to walk. Old Korean houses, smaller streets, souvenir shops. Nice place to escape from cosmopolitan Seoul.
Charming!
A dream come through to visit this village. It was a lovely walk around the many streets of the village and taking pics at the famous spots no.5 and 6. I even located the hanok used in the kdrama "Personal Taste". Best to go early to avoid big tour groups. I got there before 9:30am on a Sunday and it was not crowded yet. It would be great to stay in a hanok style accommodation for my next visit to Seoul!
Hanok Village
There are a lot of Hanok Style homestay around this area. Besides sightseeing , there are some food stall and local made craft around this area as well. Generally it is a residential area .
Great traditional quarter
Similar to the better known Insa-dong, Bukchon consists of many small winding alleys with the typical Korean buidlings. Although it is very crowded it is great walking through the streets and enjoying the atmosphere
Love this village!!
If it's your first time visiting Seoul, this village is the perfect area to go right after Gyeongbokgung Palace. It's just right next to the palace, you just need to walk a bit.In the village there are a couple of guides walking around in uniforms. You can ask them where to start, where to walk, they'll guide you happily and give you a map. There are a few cute cafes to hangout, they look cozy. We did a good one round of the village in around 45 minutes included stopping for ice cream. 
Chic - nice
Must visit!Located very close to the palaces and Insadong, i recommend to spend one day in these environment, plus the contemporary museum.End your day in this particular area to experience the nice upscale street stalls..dining was great.
An interesting area to walk around
This place is filled with young men and women in traditional Hanbok costumes walking around the small streets which gives it an even more magical feel.I spent several hours browsing and observing, taking photos, having coffee and lunch here. It is a good place to rail on a lovely day. 
Family with young children.
Very traditional & unique..its gd tat such a heritage still exist. Explore around with my family till the top..Amazing scenaries with those many mountains.took pics with those whos wearing traditional hanok costumes. Lots of tourists n definately will come again..
Visit if you have time
It was ok but not really great. If you have extra time or have exited angkuk station; why not. The walk from the Angkuk station was quite long so you're legs will be a little sore when you actually get there. The alleys were ok but not thay great for me because they didn't look that old and there were signs of modern living like plumbing and electricity
Unique pretty village in the cetre of Seoul
Stay between 2 biggest palaces in Seoul, Bukchon Hanok village is so awesome pretty with all traditional architect designs. You should borrow Hanbok and walk around to visit Bukchon and take many many colorful phótos. The air's so cool and fresh to enjoy your day here. Tips: 1. Borrowing Hanbok in Insadong street ( oposite the way to come in Bukchon) with 15.000 won/ 4 hours. I checked some other places, the price is more expensive than in Insadong.2. You can also visit 2 palaces beside at the same time when wearing Hanbok and you will got a FREE TICKET 
A taste of old Seoul
We visited on a sunny afternoon in late-March, after going to Changdeokgung palace in the morning. It's a nice walk through narrow streets lined with old-style houses, some of which are coffee shops. There were lots of tourists but everyone respected the privacy of the local people and kept their voices quiet. The views from the top of the hill were great and we enjoyed wandering around for a few hours. 
A walk in the past
In a top 10 "must see" list, I know to visit Bukchon in the palace district. It was a pleasant surprise to be in a cultural preservation section in the middle of downtown Seoul. My only mistake was not to plan to eat there. There're many little restaurants along the alleys, which I vow I will go back next time I visit. Although not many people speak English, the vendors graciously point seemingly lost tourist like myself in the right direction. Definitely bring a good camera, if you love taking photo. I wish I have mine, but I have to content with my camera phone. Enjoy the exhibit at the visiting center; and read the history of the village at the front. Seeing modern shops w/in the well-preserved traditional structures was simply incredible. The pride of the community is hard to miss. You won't be disappointed.
Too many tourists
I visited the area with the free walking tour provided. Our guide, Miss Kim, was a funny and charming old lady. Unfortunately the area was crowded with tourists. So it was impossible to get a good picture. Moreover they were very noisy so there was no serenity there. I felt pity to the residents who live there. I enjoyed the visit to Dr. Baek In Je's beautiful historical house, which is located in the area. It was less touristy too.
Traditional, charming and quaint village in Seoul!!!!
Sandwiched between the 2 main palace complexes in Seoul, this village is quintessential example of a traditional Korean village. It has numerous streets (uphill/downhill sometimes) and they run through traditional houses and quaint estates. It has great photo opportunity and best time is to visit during dusk. Please keep in mind that is primarily a residential area.Must visit in Seoul!!!!
Traditional Korean Houses
A good place to go to visit an actual residential area of Traditional Korean Houses. You just need to keep quiet though as posted on the signs within Bukchon Hanok Village. Not an easy place to pinpoint though, I wandered around a bit before I was able to find the place.
Bukchon Wanderings
We took the subway Line 3 to Anguk Station. At first we wandered around aimlessly until we walked into the Seoul Hanok Center where the helpful staff not only showed us around the whole place but also gave us a map titled "Bukchon Wanderings".She told us that we can continue our walk following the yellow line on the map which is a big loop around Bukchon covering all the attractions, view points etc. We're pleased to say that we covered the whole route in 2+ hours of leisurely strolling, stopping at the various view points to take pictures or o get a better knowledge of the attraction. We even stopped for a cup of coffee at a private observatory that not only gave us a place to rest our feet but also a good view of the surrounding area. One can go into the many museums, galleries, workshops as one fancy. Of course there are shops, restaurants & cafes along the way. Enjoyed our morning walk thoroughly.
The wonderful village at Seoul
The wonderful village at Seoul, many houses with the original style and traditional things.We can wearing hanok and walking around for taking the pictures here.
Lovely traditional houses and village
The area is very picturesque and unique with lots of character. There are interesting shops and museums to visit in the village but the sharp inclines and windy lanes can make it tiring for some.
Village frozen in time
Great to spend an afternoon walking around. It'll take about two hours to go round the neighborhood where you can see the old houses, do some shopping or sit and watch couples/girls in their traditional costumes "Hanbok" walking around. They have maintained this residential area making it a very pleasant place to hangout. 
Beautiful walk between the traditional house
If I come here again, might try to stay in one of the guest house here. Like many old town in the world, it fill with modern shop, coffee house, sunny and relax.Like some local student, I rent the traditional dress and took some photos, loving it.
HOuses!
This place just like another dimension, the architecture and design was astonishing! i mean people still living there! who doesn't want to live in a beautiful place like that? the environment was really great! also this place was really close to gweongbokgung palace. By wearing the hanbok you can get a very great picture with this place! but yeah most this place you need to have stamina! climb uphill and downhill..
Beautiful village
We went there at night so it was very quiet and very few people. You can see the N-tower from one area. We really enjoyed the HanOk style homes! Nice place to visit and take photos.
Traditional Houses
Felt like it was in the past walking through the traditional houses. There is also one house which was open to view for free.
Place for Tourist
Bukchon Hanok Village is not really touching about traditional that much some of hanoks are renovated, new building designed to be the original but i did not disappoint it
The other side of Korea
The place is sandwiched by 2 palaces and clearly shows how traditional houses were and there people still residing in those places. Only miss was we were unable to go in and visit the houses. 
Authentic Korea
Must place to visit. Just be aware that this is residential area and must observe silence everywhere. 
Nice
A little flashback to how Seoul used to be before the sky scraper jungle.Nice houses there and nice walk. Shame that some tourists were very loud although many signs "please be quite" are scatterd in the area. After all it's still a residential area.
Overated
came here as it is recommended by a few friends but i dont think its worth visiting unless you really interested to snap a few photo like me..
Traditional Korean housing
This district is packed with over 900 hanoks, traditional Korean houses. It retains the city's old appearance. It has bceom a popular filming location for movies and TV dramas. As it is still a residential area, so please respect the residents there. They do hanbok rental, traditional Korean clothing. So you can wear the hanbok and take pictures in front of these traditional Korean housing. Many retail shops selling survivors. A little bit pricey since it is tourist attraction place.
perfect for tourist
really very nice place.. although a very long walk..it features real houses in the middle of the city that reflects the early culture of korea.. alot of young people even rent Hanok and walk up the hill to take pictures.. scenery was scenic but it was really a long walk and because we went in winter.. the walk doesn't end up in sweats.. :D
A must visit place
It was so memorable to take picture there. This place is located near Gyeongbukgong so I can go there by walking.
Photogenic Spot in Seoul
Bring your camera as there is a lot of photogenic spot here. Yes, it's a very touristy place so you might want to go early in the morning to avoid the crowd. This place located 10 minutes walk from Anguk station.
Fantastic!
Its amazing that this traditional village is still kept the way it was for more than a hundred years. Walking through this place is a really cool and refreshing way to feel..but be prepared to walk - up pretty steep hills. You'll find cool cafes and design stores in the area if you need a moment of relax. Cool area.
Put your walking shoes on!
After you put on your walking shoes, go visit the Bukchon Traditional Cultural Centre near Anguk subway station first for an overview and don't forget to get a Bukchon Village Folding Map.Follow the routes suggested or wander leisurely on your own, there are plenty of coffee shops, tea houses, restaurants, shops around, more on the Samcheong-dong side. This could very well be made into a full-day event, especially if you throw in a visit to the art museum or art gallery in the area. Don't expect this to be a mini ancient city area where everything looks like it was from the Joseon Dynasty but along the routes suggested, the buildings and walls have been well preserved and taken care of. It's quite an amazing experience and it could be one of the best days you spent in Seoul!
Cultural Visit and Worth It to Go
If you want a cultural experience into the olden days of Korea, definitely check out the Bukchon village area out! There are a lot of cute side streets to go into, as well as areas where you can attend and take part in workshops. We went to an area where we were able to learn a lot about the actual etching on Korean traditional clothing and it was awesome to just get a better understanding of everything. Really cute homes designed with how it was back in the older days in Korea!
ordinary tourist area
nothing much to see here except hiking up this small residential arealots of tourists sometimesthere are also info guides in the area
Many traditional korean house
Very crowded and many traditional korean house. You can enter old house for tea ceremony but not free.
Traditional village
A good place to explore the traditional Korean architect, peaceful and tidy. My suggestion is to visit during summer - autumn, maybe too cold to walk around during winter time.
A short walk away from the palace
Its good to see the architecture of the traditional homes. You can even take pics of yourself in a hanok traditional wear) in some stores. I wish i could've spent a night in a traditional home but they are quite expensive! Would love to go back to see it during the winter covered partially in snow
Taste of traditional Korea
Bukchon is a place that you must visit while in Seoul. It's a neighborhood where you can see several traditional Korean houses. It is a residential area, so be respectful and try not make too much noise. I went early in the morning, around 9 and there were very few people there. It was great to take admire and take amazing pictures. From there you can see N Seoul Tower and it is amazing to see the contrast of the city around it.To reach the neighborhood stop at Anguk station, exit 6. Stop at the visitor center where you can get more information and map to explore the area and go to the top of the hill to see the cluster of houses. There are some houses that offer stay and tea ceremonies I did not participate.
Transit to the past
I love this place. I love culture and traditional houses in Korea. Walking around, there's a combination of modern and traditional buildings. It really reminds me how important for us, not to forget our roots. 
Wonderful buildings
Mind blowing buildings. Very old and interesting layout. Free access. You need to pay money to enter old house for tea ceremony. Had higher expectations some sort of old market and stall. People still live in the houses. Perhaps thats why nothing much to do there. 
Korean traditional house
Come there must be silence, its beauty and amazing view there... you may try to rent at homestay there to try experience living korea traditional houses
Rather interesting with many shops and eateries. Abit difficult on a cold day. 
It was quite a cold winter day when we explored this area. It's all outdoors so it can be difficult in the cold. But there's some shops or eateries to pop into if you must. We walked around many of the old houses and also went into some which were open for viewing, such as the tourism heritage house. Got a good feel of how the people lived in olden days. Quite a nice experience. Most of the eateries were closed from 2:30 to 5pm, so we didn't manage to get a tea time snack and hide from the cold even though we wanted to. It's just a nice place to wonder about and admire architecture and some old crafts too. The slopes can be quite steep, so people with weak knees may find it tough. Also, many houses here are still inhabited, so tourists must keep quiet and respect their privacy and take care of the environment. 
Takes you back in time...
If you have a prolific imagination , you can imagine yourself back in time as you walk through the road ... the old houses... well kept...timeless
Stroll at your own pace and explore traditional Korean housing
Seeing the Bukchon village is a good thing to do on a nice afternoon. Be prepared to walk for about an hour through pedestrian-friendly streets, but keep in mind there are some hills. If you're visiting when it's really hot, you won't want to do it during the heat of the day. Because people live in these houses there are many signs asking for quiet and respect of private property. In the busier and more contemporary area, you'll find lots of restaurants, shops and treats. Another highlight is seeing all the tourists dressed in traditional Hanboks - great for photos.Enjoy the walk and the nice architecture.
Local culture preserved
Quite uphill so be ready to walk, plenty of souvenier shops around and coffee shops for breaks and rest.
A chance to see a different side of Seoul
These are residential streets made up of the original types of houses. It's on a hillside so there are also a number of good viewpoints of the city and you get old/new contrasts. Some of the streets are steep.
Old traditional neighborhood between 2 palaces
Bukchon Hanok village is an old neighborhood in Seoul located between the two royal palaces. This is a great walking area of town, with narrow, winding streets and traditional architecture. Mind the people holding the "Shhhh" signs :-) You really are walking through a residential neighborhood. At the top of the hill, on the east side of the walking tour part of the neighborhood, is wonderful, small "souvenir" shop, barely large enough for the proprietor and two patrons. The Korean shop keeper was so nice, able to communicate in English enough to help me buy a couple of gifts for my family. Within the village are some great traditional Korean restaurants too!
"Up & down" wanderings :)
The experience was one of "uniquely fun" walking along these narrow streets flanked on both sides by traditional-styled houses or lovely compound walls (with roofs above as is the style unique to Japan & Korea) while pretty frequently having to negotiate the upward & downward slopes along the way ("steeper slopes" on the left side than on the right side of the main street Bukchon-ro that divides the Village into two parts). And while some might just do a simple walk-around, I suggest checking out some 'workshops' which are on the right side of the Village (got to my first workshop after walking up for about 10 minutes to the right from the main street, followed by three more workshops including one for embroidery called The Han Sang Soo Embroidery Workshop and one for calligraphy or designs), and do keep in mind that they're not museums but places where people are actually doing stuff and where tourists can "partake in" their activities (not sure if you need like a prior booking for such though); and on the left side of the Village, be sure to go all the way to the far end where there's like a terrace with a railing from which there are great views of the mountains (not too far) and the city's skyline (somewhat distant).Coming by subway, Anguk Station (on Line 3) is where to get off, and the best exit is Exit 2 with just about a 5-minute walk straight ahead on the main street Bukchon-ro after coming out of the exit and you'll be right at the area where a right turn or a left turn will lead you up to the corresponding part of the Village (so yes, the right side for the 'workshops' and the left side for the lookout terrace at the far end as mentioned above; and my suggestion is to do the right side of the Village first, then cross the main street to the left side, then come back down from the far end on that side where you'll get to like a "shopping street" below that kind of intersects the main street after a few minutes' walk bringing you conveniently back to near Anguk Station for leaving the Village).
just after the Palace Gyeongbokgung
perfect to do on the same day: the Palace Gyeongbokgung; Hanok Bukchon and the Buddhist temple. I really enjoy because it's like an outdoor architecture museum but actually people still leaving there.
Good place for take a walk
I used to take a walk from Myeongdong through Insa-dong and Samcheong Dong to reach here.Actually not very far but you can find the Korean’s life along this walk.
Worth the visit
We went to the Bukchon Hanok Village. Be prepared to walk. The roads are very narrow and steep but it's worth the visit. However, it can get a bit crowded. It was very nice to walk along the houses. There were Street food along the way.
lovely village with boutique stores and shops 
we walked around the area, lots of boutique stores along with the traditional housing architech. Nice area to spend about 3-4 hours wondering around but keep in mind its a tourist spot! 
traditional houses in a wonderful village that offers a lot
Bukchon Hanok Village is home to many traditional houses, called hanok, that date back to the Joseon Dynasty. The name Bukchon translates to "northern village" Today many of these hanoks operate as cultural centers, guesthouses, restaurants and tea houses, etc. that give you an opportunity to immerse yourself into the traditional Korean culture. It's lovely to wander around here and take lots of photos. The doors and entrances are very photogenic.Let a cab take you up here and then walk mostly downhill.
It's a small traditional village
A steep walk up to the nice view point of Bukchon Hanok Village. As it was winter, it's rather cold and energy do get depleted quickly. We rested and had traditional rice drink and ginseng tea in one of tea houses there. We got ourselves warmed and enjoyed the quiet feel about the village. Unfortunately we had a short disturbance by a bunch of rather loud tourists who came by looking to use the toilet. Be forewarned, this is pretty much a residential area with only a few tea houses in it. So it will be difficult to find rest rooms around here. It's good to be prepared or you will end up like the rowdy tourists group we met. In the end, they were refused and turned away as they have no intention to buy any drinks from the tea house. 
Historic buildings and great cafes and eateries
Great to walk round the old buildings. Interesting shops cool cafes and eateries. Sometimes a bit up hill but great to visit. 
Dainty 😍
As cute as it sounds, this place does not have a main entrance that says 'Bukchon Hanok Village'. You just get to Samcheongdong and get up at any small hills that you see. The area around this place is somewhat magical and hard to believe. It was cold when I was there, leaving slippery icy roads to conquer. Lots of people with large cameras and hanbok. You will find coffee shops and perfume houses along the way. It was only a 15 walk up and down depending on how long you spend your time in the hills.
Samcheong dong
Bukchon Hanok village - the place with the remained of traditional Hanok houses in the alleyway, where there are different upward & downward landscape scenery to see. Also, around Samcheong area, not to miss the art galleries & museums. Nearby is Gyeongbokgung.
Traditional buldings
Nothing much to mention about the area but one thing is worth mentioning was the samgyetang chicken we had before exploring bukchon village. food was great at affordable price
Picturesque but beware the hills!
This is such a beautiful area where people actually still reside in. The area is hilly so be sure to wear comfortable shoes. On a day where I walked a lot, scaling the hills was a bit of a challenge. The architecture and the doors are so very beautiful.
Bukchon
Nice traditional houses, interesting to look at. Some spots are great for photo taking. To view the inside of a house, you can get into one that has ongoing activities to have quick look and a few pictures - leave shamelessly if you are not keen to pay for joining, which we did. :P Does not need very long to finish the whole area, they look quite the same after 30mins.
Interesting
Here there are some beautiful traditional houses, with many people walk around in the traditional clothes. Be aware it can get a little crowded! 
Nice place to go
There aren't that many cultural sights in Seoul. You find a lot of shopping culture but if you want something old school. This is a pleasant neighborhood to stroll around. 
Nice area
Dont forget to try hanbokI believe there is a lot hanbok rental hereI endedup going to place that I cant used it to far from the rental area
lots of streets to wonder round
This is not a place to rush. Plan to be around for an hour or even more. Eat from the street stalls or from a local restaurant, then explore the streets and alleys with your camera at the ready. The tour buses mainly unload here in the afternoon, so try get here in the mornings.
Walk of immersion in old Korean culture
The Bukchon Hanok Village is a testament to the old Korean culture and history as hanok or traditional Korean houses were preserved. We joined a free walking tour offered by the Seoul Tourism Organization wherein we learned more of the history of Bukchon Hanok Village through their volunteer tour guides. This is a valuable and enriching experience for tourists.
Unique place for photo shooting
There are 8 tourist spots to take beautiful photos in this area. Just make sure u ask the cute guys in red who are from the tourist information centre where are the spots and you will get to take spectacular photos in the alleys between the houses. There are also shops offering hanbook experience where u can rent the Korean traditional clothes and walk around taking photos. These will be a good destination for bridal photo shooting. 
Great walk around to see "Old" Korea
This is a great culturally-preserved area. It's nice to walk around and explore the different houses built and preserved. Gives you a feel what the "Old" Korea looked like in the days of past.
Traditional looking village that once inhabited only by the nobles.
I visited this charming little village with the Korea airport free tour. The village that once only inhabited by the nobles are all about narrow alleys and traditional houses with typical roofing.
A Must Visit
It was packed full of tourists, but understandably so. Some of the most charming streets I've ever walked. Beautiful, intricate architecture on every corner of these homes (private residences actually) make for lovely stroll and great photo ops. What I found particularly striking was as you walk down these streets that sort of take you back in time, you look up and see the modern skyline as a backdrop. The Samcheongdong area is also a must visit. It is small, but very historic and the mountains in the background are so beautiful.
love the architecture seen in Bukchon
This is a walking trip. You just wander around the streets of Bukchon appreciating the traditional korean style architecture of the houses here. People actually live in these houses so there are a whole lot of signs asking you to keep quiet, which ruins the look in my opinion but I can see how the locals might get annoyed with all the tourists walking around everyday here. It's a great photo spot to say you are in korea. There are lots of side streets and we took random turns and headed towards samcheondong to eat lunch. 
Beautiful and traditional Korean houses
I highly recommend a stroll through Bukchon. It is very quaint peaceful, at least when we went (late afternoon after it stopped raining). Thee traditional Korean houses are very beautiful. If possible, go with a local who can point out interesting tidbits about the area (if you watch K-dramas some of them were filmed here, and certain celebrities also live here). Make sure you respect the residents there by remaining quiet and do not trespass onto their property by going off the streets.
Walk and meander around
A great place to walk around and discover different activities and shops. It's an actual area where people live so be mindful of the residents. Come before 5 to experience the handiworks and the hands-on activities. We came too late for it, but it is still a picturesque area to meander. 
Native and traditional Korean atmosphere right at the center of the city
Very ancient mixed with modern ambiance which is very fascinating as you walk along the streets and corridor the village. Perfect to reminisce what does korea looks like way back those old times. Very impressive how they keep this attraction in a clean and modernized environment.
Bukchon Hanok Village Overrated
Bit of a letdown this traditional village. Place looks deserted except if you admire traditional korean architecture. Its a bit like a hilly walk behind back alleys. Nothing much to see.
The old and the new in harmony
The Bukchon Hanok Village is a great place to stroll around to see the Hanoks of Seoul - I wish I had stayed in a Hanok Guest House, maybe next time - but unfortunately it is visible the process of less old houses and more of the new ones. 
Beautiful but Tiring place to visit
This place is filled with lanes and lanes of traditional Korean houses. Like my friends said, this place is totally Instagram worthy and we took at least 3 hours walking around the neighborhood taking tons and tons of photo. You can easily rent traditional Korean Hanboks at only 10,000 Won for 2 hours just outside the neighborhood.1 thing to note is that, the neighborhood is filled with steep slopes, so it might get abit tiring after awhile as you have to constantly climb the slopes.
Essential part of a visit to Seoul
Traditional houses, well maintained, and a lovely place to walk around in good weather. Good photo opportunities as well.
Not many old houses left 
The old houses all seem to have ugly store fronts. There are a couple of old residences, but there are more houses with new construction using the old style - lovely wood but new. 
Beautiful traditional house!
Traditional house area to walk around. Surrounded by busy traffic and modern buildings yet the premise is quaint and picturesque. Modern meets traditional architecture is amazing too.This is residential area so quiet is a must in order not to disturb the people living here. Some slopes very steep and it’s all about walking up and down. Worth a visit!
My favorite place in Korea
It's a great place to see traditional style of Korean houses. Local people live in the house so it's not too touristy place. It's quite close to Samcheong dong with cool shops and restaurants and many Korean people hang out there.
Nice place for visit
Ancient village in the city. There are many nice shop near this village. Don't miss to visit here. This place is far from subway.
Traditional houses ! 
The street is lined up with traditional Korean architecture. Good for photo taking. There is hanbok rental shop nearby $18000w per person for a couple of hours. Lots of tourists, can't take a photo without people in it. 
A hilly hike to see old houses
We nearly got lost finding this area if it wasn't for the help of those 3 policemen. Located between Gyeongbokgung and Changdeokgung Palaces, this street lined with old houses is a great place to visit for those interested in old korean architectures. Please note that visiting this place involves a bit of an uphill climb.
Cute village for walking around, pretty views
We spent an hour or so walking around and taking pictures before we got too cold to continue and had to go inside for mulled wine. You can go to the bukchon culture center and get a map that suggests a walking route and where to take the best pictures. There are also museums with art activities like making bracelets or kites or weaving but it seemed like you needed to have booked them in advance
chillin with your date
i've been there to discover more of korean traditional architecture but i actually think it's a nice place to walk and have a coffee with your boyfriend/girlfriend. Atmosphere is really calm.
Gross commercialisation now
In its heyday, I'm sure Bukchon Hanok (Village) must be quaint and nice. Since it's becoming one of the main attractions of Seoul, and that tour companies have made this into one of their compulsory stops, you can imagine the hordes of tourists that are been thrown into the neighbourhood. Roads here are built hotch potch and they zig zag all over the place. I'm sure that occupants of houses along the main route would be annoyed with lots and lots of people overstepping their boundaries and taking selfie pictures of themselves in front of houses with any kinds of architectural merits. Most of the signs that I witnessed are more or less around the same theme: keep it quiet, don't step on our stairs, keep away. What does that tell you - not welcoming indeed. There are also user friendly signs all along the path to ensure that you are not swayed from your original path. In other words, some occupants are affected more than others. The vista of Seoul has changed over the years and so does Bukchon. Trendy boutique shops such as Gentle Monster (glass frame that's opted by K-Pop stars) and other designer shops have also set up their stores here. Therefore, historical village feel is gradually been interspersed with clean line edgy shops that you get to see at Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills. Whatever it is, this is Bukchon now, and no longer the endearing Hanok. It's worth your while to visit but don't keep your hope high. Come out from Gate 3 of Angguk Metro Station.
A not so old village.
Bukchon village is sold to tourist as the typical Korean Style Housing area. However, it is actually not really a old korean bulding style. 
Preserved Heritage 
Traditional houses in the center of capital city. Need to be a little bit fit to climb the road, but worth it.
Traditional houses
Well preserved traditional houses. Good for photo taking. There's a lot of walking so be prepared. Very nice ambiance as the places are pretty quiet (other than a lot of students walking up and down as there are universities around that area)
Heritage neighborhood with traditional Korean houses
Nice locality for one who loves photography and taking pictures of heritage residences and shops. Interesting neighborhood with specialty shops selling Uniquely Korean souvenirs and food stuff. A little walking required to explore this serene neighborhood and it is well worth that little effort. :)
Traditional Korean Village with Fantastic Scenic Views
So the concept of the Buckhon Traditional Village is to showcase the Korean tradition and architecture and preserve it by means of creating a residential place around that concept. There are people actually staying in the houses and there are tours organised for visiting the place and looking at how the homes used to be constructed. However we had less time in hand and did not go for detailed exploration. Still even the outside view and walk around this place itself is enough to give you an idea of what a beauty it is!!! The culture is reflected through this place. Best Views and Scenic Place for photography. . . get your cameras out!!!
Should be in your itinerary
This area is really near the Gyeongbokgung Palace area and it should definitely be in your itinerary for visit as the houses really are traditional and worth visiting. There are plenty of cafes and small houses operating as restaurants serving traditional Korean dishes, cafes serving coffee and cakes, and there were also an area for shopping. I particularly liked a shop which sold traditional Korean clothes though it would be weird for me to be wearing them out of Korea so i decided not to buy them.
Nice for pictures
The whole area is basically a residential area with an traditional kind of architecture. It's nice to spend some time and have a slow walk around these houses. There're some stores selling things too. Things that are sold here are usually a bit pricy than outside. However, we should lower our voice while walking around as its a residential area. It's worth going to take some pictures and to know more about Korea. :)
Interesting Architecture
Very interesting architecture, brings you back to the old Korea. Do be prepared for steep climbs as the terrain is hilly. Also, the area is a housing area, as in people literally are staying at the houses you see, so do keep the volumes down. 
good walk
still largely a residential neighborhood, not particularly interesting to walk around on your own. not very large, perhaps 15 minutes was all I needed see most. but could always add samcheongdong which is close enough.
Bit Sold Out
The expectation of Bukchon was that it was literally a village that has remained in traditional Korean lifestyle despite its proximity to the city. Realistically though it is old buildings and a bunch of touristy sideshows. Expected to be here for a long time, stayed for probably ten minutes. Venture out of Seoul if you're looking for traditional. Bukchon Observatory is worth a look if you decide to visit (and if you can find it)!
must visit
This is a great place to see the real Korean village. it is a steep climb as some of the streets the branch off the main street are usaually up hill. There are traditional houses, shops, cafes... f you go high enough up you will have nice views looking over Seoulthere is also a small Korean temple that I ran across. it is pretty small and you have to go upstairs. This is a great place to walk around and get lost. sometimes the people that live there will have their doors open and you can see in. don't go up to the door but just look as you are passing by. great architecture
A must in Seoul!
My favourite area in Seoul! Down the hill is a lot of cozy streets filled with trendy shops and cafeterias! While coming up the hill you'll find yourself within streets among old traditional houses! Don't forget to look back while walking up, some streets boost amazing views over the city center! 
Nice to walk around
Cute replica of old Seoul. Some houses are inhabitat by locals or foreigners.Reminds of Disneyland but everything in Korea looks like that nowdays
Quaint village
Not much to see when we were there, just the houses. But it gives you a glimpse of old Korean culture. 
A beautiful corner of Seoul
On the advice of local friends I visited very early in the morning and walked up from Anguk Station. Although not too busy with visitors, there were already other people arriving so I can only imagine how crowded it gets. The houses are beautifully preserved and give a good insight into how Seoul may have looked during the Joseon Dynasty. I loved just wandering along the alleys noticing the roof details, intricate doorways and courtyards.Although Bukchon is a preserved village rather than a reproduction tourist attraction it is, not surprisingly, commercial, with many of the houses converted into galleries, guest houses and tea rooms but you can look beyond it and just appreciate the history.I visited very early in the morning and was able to wander around at my own pace and not feel too intrusive. Be prepared for a lot of walking up sloping streets!
Bukchon Hanok Village
These are the traditional type houses and contrast to the more modern dwellings in other parts of the city. There are hills and steps so it is a physical activity. Local shops are also a high;light with some nice craft stores along with the usual cheaper socks, etc shops
Lovely
I considered Bukchon as one of Seoul's historical sight seeing place to go. You can still enjoy the old Korean Village vibe through the houses architecture and narrow streets. I took the train and stop at Anguk Station, it's a walkable distance.If you happened to visit during fall -winter, I recommend getting there in the morning where the streets is still empty (some stores might as well). But it's the perfect time for you to actually look and enjoy the environment. The area is loaded with food, crafts, coffee & tea shops (Ossuloc Tea!). It's a huge area, so bear with the walk. If you're tired, take a stop at the nearest shops if you wish. There's a great Coldnoodle & dumpling restaurant near the road entrance (closest to Anguk St). It's in the narrow street. If you have problems with wanting a clean bathroom there's one in the Museum (near the bicycle parking area. A bit of a walk if you're around the north area. Might as well spend the whole day walking around if you love a good walk as much as I do.  
Traditional house
In this street you can see the traditional house of South Korea, be quiet in this street because of private area
Korea Traditional
It is said that Mandarines in pre-modern days dwelled here. Surprised to know that traditional dwelling were still kept in the area that is very close to the center of Seoul.Location is convenient,only taking subway for 5-10 minutes from the City Hall or Seoul Station, even though transtion of subway is required.Area in itself is not so big. had little steep ways.There had Constitutional Tribunal besides the area.Some shops held splashy signs before the facade, which broke atomosphere.When I went, other visitors are not so many, so I was able to walk around with keeping my pace.One house that seemed to have got renovation for exhibiting for visitors,where I entered and walked around inside, saw many traditional Korean daily items, which I did not know how to say, as pots for Kimchi cooking and traditional Korean style heater.
A Nice time to try Hanbok
Fully immerse yourself with the preserved houses by dressing up with a hanbok. Just be sure to be quiet and to not knock on the houses as they are privately owned as well
Walk Through History
Walking the narrow winding streets flowing up and down the hills is like being in a time machine. It's not a museum, people do still like in there. You can visit some of the homes or check out local shops and restaurants. Great vistas from the streets in both daylight and night time. While in Seoul, If you can visit the Bukchon area!
Really pretty but nothing exceptional
The Bukchon village is really pretty. However I wouldn't get carried away. It's a small area, it's a very organized tourist experience and everything there is expensive.
A must visit!
It is a village with traditional Korean homes, or known as HANOK. There are 8 photo spots to look for. However you can still take photos anywhere and everywhere. To go here take a subway to Anguk Station (Line 3) and go out from Exit No 2.
K-drama feels
If you're a fan of K-dramas, you will definitely feel like one of the characters here. It's one of those scene where they climb up the hill going home or something like that (Haha!) You'll be able to go into one of the houses and see what it looks like on the inside. You'll also see people wearing the traditional Hanbok.
Just a few streets to look at
Unlike some entire cities that you visit (think Rome or maybe Krakow) that are filled from pavement to the sky with historical sights, you'll get at best a few streets to visit. So not really immersive nor impressive. And because there's not much to see, you'll be sharing it with hundreds of selfies sticks, like medieval standards, waving through the air. It's primarily a residential with a few shops and you'll see some nice house frontage and cobbled roofs - a couple of streets are nice photo ops. 
Cultural Experience
Great place to observe the palace from behind the walls. Its a long walk/trail about 60 minutes to complete the different observable areas or landmarks. A few up slopes and down slopes. The place also houses museums, hands-on workshops. On top of that, quaint souvenir shops and cafes and eating outlets. You can get the map from the tourist information centre in the area. The observant point is quite breathtaking.Be sure to be quiet as you walk with your friends or families as it is a residential area. You won't want to disturb the residences there. 
Lovely houses to view.
This area was amazing to me in America we don't have whole neighborhoods that are 500 years old. I didn't feel bad because there are many signs telling you to be quite people love here, so don't take your LOUD friends. ;) 
Quaint and traditional
Worth the time exploring this quaint and serene village. The houses were unique and the scenics were picturesque. Plenty of tourists as you would expect but there are enough spaces to take the perfect photo. A must-go if you are in Seoul!
Nice morning walk in a traditional village
We spent about 2 hours exploring the Bukchon village. As there are residents staying inside, we have to keep our noise level to a minimum. There are quite a few streets that are more traditional than the rest. I just hope that the new building are not invading the old style buiding structure further, else this village is not going to retain its tradtional images.
My favorite place from our trip
I love the architecture, and what's more fascinating is that there are people still living there! There are a couple houses that are set up for tourists and you can pay to go in for some special activities. I also saw a house that is available for homestay.
Explore the Hanok
Exploring the Korean traditional houses up the hill. It's an easy walk with interesting views at all angle.Try the fried tteokbokki too.
Good experience 
An hour walk in this area is sufficient. You can enjoy the beautiful architecture of houses. Will definitely stay in one of the guest houses here in my next visit to Seoul. 
Quaint!
Love the old traditional houses and tiny alley ways. And with little quaint shops peppered all over with good cafes and eateries, it is indeed time well spent on a cold afternoon. 
Worth to visit 
There are quite a few of traditional Hanok spread across the streets. All are very unique and quite well maintained.Quite a pleasant walk along these streets even in cold weather.
Bukchon village
If you are going to this place just to take photos. I will advise you to find the actual locations of the spot that you planned to have your photos taken. I went to this place twice in my trip and I spent hours running up nad down to find the 'right' spot.Please be prepare to trek the uphills
Tranquil and classy
We stayed on one of these traditional houses that was converted into a hotel/homestay. Really lovely experience to be in such a cosy home. The owner was very helpful and upgraded us to a room that had an adjoining toilet. My family of five slept comfortably in the two rooms even though they were kind of small. The village or area itself is quiet and is a great place with quaint little shops selling souvenirs, clothes, Jewellery. They aren't tacky shops but are shops that sell affordable local brands. Most of the shops are located along two main roads but you won't find it as busy or crowded as Myeongdong which is another experience of its own. So while most tourists spend an afternoon walking and looking and the old houses, this was actually a nice refuge and charming place to spend a a couple of days at. We really enjoyed the cafes and interesting shops that we could take our time with and not be hassled by crowds. From here we could venture to Insadong which was nearby.
Not really
Actually this village wasn't what I expected. I didn't see anything really exciting about this place. I do not recommend 
Well preserved historic neighbourhood, great place for a stroll
A rare example of historic Hanok house architecture in Seoul. It's a great area to stroll around. What's great about the area as well is that it's not completely overrun by tourists - there is still a real neighbourhood feel to the place.
Houses with lots of characteristics
We strolled Bukchon and saw many houses with characters. Some are shops and some are residences. We went inside a few shops partly for souvenir and partly to just look at those houses.Due to the high volume of tourists, there were often local people held up signs to ask tourists to be quiet. 
Traditional Korean village
Really worthwhile to visit and to combine with other visits to local palaces and the Insadong shopping area. You can start with this village and continue to the palaces on walking distance, then end at Insadong.
A residential area with a taste of old Korea
Bukchon is just a residential area with a taste of old Korea and most of the houses were locked and closed when we visited there. Need to walk for 20-30 mins along the wall of Gyeongbukgung palace before reaching Buckhon. Do take bus or other transport to reach Bukchon. Honestly, nothing much in Buckhon and should be able to complete the area by 1 hour.
Old neighborhood
There is a good amount of exercise involved- narrow alleyways, very steep slope and stairs. A good time to go would be in the afternoon. At the bottom there are a few shops and boutique stores. Dolls wearing traditional Korean dresses also found here.
Beautiful old Korea
This district is very nice if you know where you're going, or if you have time to explore. It's not huge, but you might be disappointed. There is a famous street there, though, so make sure you see that one at least. The street goes uphill/downhill depending on where you are. Sometimes there are so many tourists there, so it might get a bit annoying. Bukchon is a walking distance from Gyeongbokgung palace (did I spell that right?). Also, sometimes people offer to let you inside one of their old houses there and give you a tour for a price. In my opinion, Bukchon is a must-see in Seoul. Not overwhelmingly fun, but just beautiful.
A little overrated but worth the visit.
The road below the Bukchon Hanok Village had clusters of private galleries, cafes and shops which makes it fun to explore and just have a cuppa in. To get to the village - follow the brown signs and be prepared to climb up a steep flight of stairs. Once there - just walk freely and you will eventually come across the popular slope where people like to take photos in. There are free maps along the roads so just grab one and explore on. 
Terrific Small cottages full of history
I absolutely loved wandering the winding ways around this neighborhood. Quaint and delightful. Fun to walk about exploring. Caution to be quiet and respectful--this is someone' home!
Beautiful area to walk around
This area has rows and rows of houses that are in traditional Korean style. There are signs that post recommended paths to walk through. It is residential area with people who still live in the houses, so being quiet is a must. Very nice views from the higher streets. Many of the streets are fairly steep, but it's not extremely strenuous once you get to the top area and walk back down. There are a few smaller boutique style stores near the bottom area, some small eateries, and some small souvenir shops. There are also some cultural buildings that are open to walk around in and some paid activities to do, such as wearing era appropriate costumes or making little trinkets to take home. Nice way to spend some time walking around. Beautiful views from the top and great architecture you won't find anywhere else.
Worth seeing and walking around
These houses are being built in the middle ages and they are still in use. Beautiful. Nice boutiques and restaurants, little corner shops.
Nice walking area
This is a nice area with some old style korean houses, with lots of caffes, small resturants, souvenirs and art. On the start in the tourist center take a map with the route to follow, helps not to get lost. It is quite a walk and you go high up with some stipe areas, to make the full round. Ideal for nice sunny weather. You can combine it with a visit to one of the two main palaces as you start / end close to them.Overall cc 1-2 hour is enough for attraction.
Beautifuel quaint village inside a modern metropolis
Loved the houses and how simply they are constructed. Felt like a trip back in time. Quiet in inhabited and so respect the neighborhood
Local house
Good place for photoshoot... but sometimes theres alot of visitor and its hard to take a good photo...
Great walk!
Nice walking around a traditional village with fantastic views over the city. Found many places you can rent the traditional clothing if you was with your wife so I would recommend this. Just respect locals by keeping the noise down as it is a residential area :)
A place for those interested in the past
A very beautiful place that presents the old architecture. Don't miss the artist-name difficult to remember- who has wonderful collection of his paintings-the swans and horses ; a few to remember.The people who live there even now get the credit of maintaining the past so meticulously. A wonderful place.
Be prepared to walk 
Lots of walking here. It is actually a residential area and do keep silence around the houses. If you have the time, you can stop by the cafes or stay a night in the guest houses, which is pretty expensive as told by our guide. But it would be nice to experience living in hanbok. 
Old school Seoul - but too crowded with tourists
Love this place and its old school houses and the quaint of the surrounding. Good for a late afternoon walk which I did - but suggest for you to go early in the morning if you prefer quieter moment with less of a crowd and people appearing in your pictures from time to time. If you don't mind people appearing in your pictures then you can go anytime. But just 1-2 hours in this place should suffice. It's quite a small area I feel. :)
2nd best place to visit in Seoul!
Bukchon is the "old town" of Seoul. It has preserved much of olden day Korea. From the nameless streets, to the grand doors and the old school Korean houses this neighborhood is legit. 
