I did not make it on top
But the mountain was gorgeous! I will return to this place using the other side for goin up/down the Peak. It was a wonderful autumn.
Challenge ACCEPTED!
I would say this hike starts of pretty comfortable but perpare yourself because it may take you at least 2 hours to get up. As you hike higher up this mountain it becomes a bit more strenuous. At a certain point right below the summit you have to climb up the "never-ending" steep stairs, then use a rope that is provided to help pull yourself up. There were many people on this hike it was well trafficked. The view is breath taking.BRING lots of water and snacks to eat along the way. 
Better than Hallasan
The view at the top is much better than the view at Hallasan on Jeju Island. Hallasan is a little more difficult, maybe, but this mountain is actually beautiful. The scenery starts to look amazing after climbing maybe 2/3 of the way to the top. Favorite hike so far
Morning hike
Excellent area for hiking as long as you start early otherwise it gets very crowded. After reading some reviews, we opted to follow someone and actually made a friend with a very kind hiker who stayed with us till the peaks. Many thanks to him, this made the experience even more memorable. We were on our own for the way back and struggled a bit to find our way as the directions are not so well indicated and there are many many trails. We managed to get back to our starting point eventually. Very good viewpoints, definitely not an easy hike. Hiking shoes recommended, some climbing.Good exercise for a Sunday morning.We came from Intercontinental coex, took the subway (9 then 3), about 1.5h to get there, less than $2 per person! Go by yourself, you don’t need a guide or bus or car. Traffic in Seoul is bad, the subway is for sure faster!
Lovely views!!
I went hiking by myself and was a little worried whether I could find the way to the top or not but it's well signed and I had no trouble getting up there. It's a lovely hike, I was there when all the autumn colours came out and the views from the top are spectacular! Really beautiful and so nice to be out of the city and surrounded by nature and breath in fresh air. Take some food and drinks with you and you'll have the best day! 
Solo female hiker in autumn
Read the reviews and made this a must visit during my recent trip to Seoul. Did a weekday hike to avoid crowds. Set off from air bnb place in Bulgwang and proceeded to take metro to Gupabal station and then take exit 3. There is a bus stand just behind the street level entrance to the station where you take bus #704. There are also other buses which go to Bukhanseong Fortress entrance. Ask Driver to inform you when to get off as it is about 15 mins bus trip. The Park entrance is across the street. Along the way there are lots of factory outlet type shops selling branded hiking/winter gear which is quite handy. Usually there are groups of hikers going up. Would be best to trail behind them but there are sign posts too. However when coming down there are many forks in the road which you may get lost unless you follow a group. The locals seem to come from different areas, Tourists from another. Please do make sure you wear proper hiking boots and not trainers as the rocks are rather steep and slippery especially for the last part of the hike. It took me just over 2 hours to reach peak with some picture taking and water breaks. Stayed at peak and ate lunch and took more pictures! Take your time and enjoy the hike. Autumn is a nice time to go as weather is cool. Bring some extra food for the lovely cats up there!
Great hike
Great hike up the Bukhan mountain - definitely challenging enough, but not too hard and anyone without serious health issues should be able to do go up in a few hours. The final 300m ascent is something else, but the view and satisfaction is worth it!
Great hike
Yes, this is definitely a hike, but we saw people of all ages there hiking to the top so there is no reason not to. The views from the top make it worth it
Excellent hike
We hiked up to Baegundae peak. Wow, what an experience! We finished a round trip in a little less than 3 hours. We did not stop for breaks at all on the trip. We began at the Bukhansanseong Fortress entrance. We had locals trying to stop us because they thought we would get caught in the dark but they had no clue how fast we were going up. Getting to the peak takes quite a bit of physical ability. At one point you’re pretty much pulling yourself up by a rope. It’s awesome if you’re up for the challenge. The view from the peak is second to none. This is a must stop when visiting Seoul. 
Amazing trek up the mounts
My trekEntry : west and exit at east Duration : 4.5hours but general info is 6hoursBest time to go : fall. Nice colorful maple trees along the and wayTime to peak : 2 hoursFitness level : min to moderate 
Beautiful time 
We took subway all the way to Donbongsan Station. Then just followed local hikers. All locals are nicely equipped for hiking, you can also buy everything u need in the market between subway and park entrance. We got little freshmade sushi roll for 2000 won, was a nice snack during the hike.At the entrance we talked to a ranger, and sent us to the highest peak of this side of the park: Jaunbong Peak. Going up and down took 4 hours with taking pictures of local cats haha the only animals we saw. We went during national holidays, wasn't very crowded, but we did meet quite a few ppl. After hike you can have lunch at one of the places back at the entrance. Certainly recommend.
Nice trekking place
It's not to far from Seoul, beautiful park with nice rock mountain where we can trek and enjoy the beautiful views around, take nice photo of the natures, mountains, forest..
Great place for a hike
This is a national park very easy to get to from Seoul. Lots of hiking trails. Locals all fully kitted out, tourists usually not. Good views of the city. Some very challenging hikes to the summits, but easier ones too. We went to Guknyeongsa temple with the huge Golden seated Buddha. A much shorter walk, well sign posted but with some slippery paths, so good shoes useful Go to the main park entrance, Bus 34, 704 or 8772 from Gupabal station on line 3, or just follow the crowd of hikers and get off when they do. A nice break from the city, and pretty views.
Not precisely a walk in the oark
Rain was expected, but skies were blue when we took the bus (704) from Gupabal Metro station (line 3) to the Bukhansanseong entrance. The start was both nice - a lovely creek running next to the trail - and easy, but it soon became steeper and steeper. Actually, it was more like a staircase than a trail in many parts. The last stretch to the peak (Baekundae) was both crowded and steep and the wire "handrails" were necessary for both ascent and descent.At the top, skies were grey, but the 360 view with equal parts of rugged wilderness and metropolitan Seoul was even more breathtaking than the trail.We had some few drops of rain on the way down - heading for the eastern exit in Ui-dong - but as the trail is made almost entirely of stone and rock, there was no risk for muddy conditions, though there might be some slippery slopes in case of heavier rainfall. We had only jogging shoes, but it is probably better and safer to wear shoes with harder soles.At the eastern side the autemn colours were stronger, especially the maples (Acer palmatum?) but in total less than one would expect in early October.The signs on the trails were partly in English and the risk of getting lost was minimal as there was a constant stream of hikers. Suprisingly, all trails were neatly included in the of-line map in the app "maps.me". Highly recommended.Our trip took us around five hours, including quite a number of stops, and was the highlight of our stay in Seoul!
Fun hike
We enjoyed hiking up here followed by an afternoon in a Korean spa. We would rate the hike as moderate difficulty. We went with a guide for ease but it could be done without one too.
Autumn Solo Hike at Bukhansan
I hiked around 2nd wk of November. I took the train to Gupabal ( Line 3) went to Exit 1 then took bus #704. If you hike on a weekend expect a lot of people.I went to Baegundae trail. There were signs in English but I noticed that after about 1km I couldn't figure out where exactly I was. Bring food so you can eat at the summit. You will find a spot no matter how crowded it gets. I started around 10am and was able to get back by 4pm. You should do this when you go to Korea. Regardless if you are a hardcore hiker or not. It's an awesome experience!
great view in this city
it's not too high, but it's really good view! it takes just 5 hours to get a top. specially sunset fi very nice!
Great hike - tougher than I expected
Loved this hike but be ready. I'm 47 and this hike was tougher than I expected. We picked up Kimbap at the food stand right off the subway (line 3) and had a picnic on the mountain. Really enjoyed this hike but I was sore the next day. 
Wonderful Park Within the City
Bukhansan is a beautiful mountain, the tallest in Seoul, and a gorgeous, clean park. It is dotted with many cultural and historic sites. We saw numerous birds and small animals, which was also fun. Definitely recommended. 
Took the challenging Baegundae trail!
There are several trails to the Baegundae trail starting off by the Gupabal entrance, this was my second big hike of the year and boy was it tough still! Especially when you get the the rock itself, it gets really steep and triring especially in the heat. However, once you've reached over the tree's and take a look behind you...the views are breathtaking, its definitely a WOW moment seeing the view for the first time. Despite the difficulty it was definitely worth the energy. Definitely go as early as you can with available sunlight, as we started the hike around 8, and it was very empty, however getting down around 12 it was starting to build up. I could imagine the rock being very hard to climb up and down when there are crowds of people.
So good for hiking! Reward is priceless
This is a hiking park. It is recommended you wear the right outfit and bring lots of liquids. It is not for beginners, you can make it as long as you have worked out in the past because the paths to go up hill are tough. Once you reach the top, you will have the best reward which is a great view of Seoul and other mountains.
An excellent hiking park
Tallest mountain in Seoul. Popular mountain hike place. Be prepare to spend at least half day to go the peak. Outstanding view of City of Seoul. Many international travalers in th peak. Better to go a weekday and week ends are crowded with locals.
Best 12 hour layover ever
A 12 hour stop at Seoul's Incheon International airport left me eager to get out and move around a bit. I decided to head for Bukhansan National Park to climb the highest peak 'Baegundae' via the vertical ridge route. I left my bags in a locker that cost about $9 and took a taxi (the only transit available at 4am). The park had signs in english at all of the trail intersections so it wasn't difficult to find my way. What started as a rocky trail climbing to better and better views quickly escalated into some pretty committed bouldering on Joshua tree-like rock overlooking the city. I followed some different trails out of the park and ran all the way to a train station where I got directions to the airport line in broken english. After returning to the airport I used the free transit shower and took a nap in the transit nap area. What a brilliant way to spend the day in a new place 
Best place to hike in Seoul
There are many trail, the highest peak is Baegundae Peak (approx 2700feet). It took bout 2hrs to reach the peak, not an easy hike, but after reach the peak you'll get mesmerised by the view of seoul.
Highly recommended!
Not the easiest hike, but definitely worth it! Baegundae peak has an amazing view, and we enjoyed a mini picnic before descending. So do bring some food with you, you will need the energy. Spot the mountain kitty! There are many many trails, so do enjoy taking different routes for the scenery & nature.
Amazing views, worth the hike
This hike was not easy but it was definitely worth it. We went on a weekday and it wasn't too busy but there were still many people. We took the bus 704 from Gupabal station to the entrance and the hike to the top took about 2 hrs (with breaks). We saw a cat and a kitten at the peak and a dog on the way. The peak is beautiful and there are tons of areas to sit and rest/enjoy the view. If we go back, we'll definitely pack a lunch and have lunch at the top! We took a different way down (opposite of the way we came up) and that wasn't as nice as the way up. Definitely worth the day trip if you have time :)
Best hike near Seoul
This is my favorite place to unwind and decompress. I love Bukhansan!We have gone here with our family several times and the views are incredible and the trails are well maintained and easy to follow. 
My First Summit
My fist is the only highest thing on this place.All your tiring journey will be paid off by its beautiful scenery along the way, fresh air, awesome view at the top and satisfying feeling when you get the top.
Challenging but worth it 
We took the train to Dobongsan station and walked 10-15mins to the park entrance. The ranger counter was just opened when we arrived at 8.20am. There are maps available. The level of difficulty is shown by the route (different from what is on their website). There were many solo hikers and elderly climbing too. We found some parts (especially towards the peak) quite challenging but still manageable as there are rails to hold on too. Took 4.5 hours to and fro. We went in August and weather was hot. Good hiking shoes and plenty of water! 
You must visit this during your trip
Beautiful park and very large area mountain walks and restaurants . Good parking avail el and well managed . 
mountain high
I lived in one of the neighbourhoods below the park, it was a park I frequented for both short and long hikes. It has so many to choose from and all of them are well used and peaceful with something wonderful to enjoy no matter which way you choose. All paths are well marked.
Hiking in SEL!
I took the metro and got off at Dobongsan Station which is roughly 45 minutes by train from city centre. You get off the train and only have to follow all the Korean hikers . The park entrance is maybe 15 mins by foot and you pass many equipment stores that provide EVERYTHING for hining (you understand once you are there) and a lot of convenience stores and street stores so you can purchase you water and food supplies.At the park entrance the rangers will explain the different routes in this huge park. I chose the Jaunbong which is the Dongbonsan Peak. Total distance going up only 3.3 km. Follow the signs towards Madangbawi which is the big rock. This 2.5 km will take you about one hour. Rest at the rock and start the hile to the three peaks and expect another hour.On a beautiful day you habe fantastic views on SEL!I decided to go back the same way to the rock and then towards Seongdowon temple because lateron towards the ranger station you will find the small river to cool your feet.My recommendations: i hiked on a Monday and had some fellow hikers, not sure if it was due to a weekday or the hot temperatures- take enough water supplies as you can only resupply at the gates. Total hiking incl brakes was 4 hours. Hiking gear especially boots are highly recommended. Njoy!
Nice break from the busy city
We went there on a sunny day and had a great time exploring the national park. Some of the hikes were quite difficult - especially the peak of Bukhansan. Be aware that there are many entrances to the park. So plan ahead where you wanna go. 
Don't underestimate it! It could be overwhelming but definitely worth it!
I hiked it through the easiest and shortest course, (Dosunsa course)I got off from Su-yu station, and grab a taxi to Dosunsa. It took me about 2.5 hours, the last half hour was quite challenging (do not wear Vans shoes when you go up this mountain lol) At the peak, I mean it was really worth it. The weather was perfect and amazing. But I recommend you to wear proper shoes and make sure to bring your water and towel. 
Hike to one of the peaks
If you want to hike to the peaks take the subway line 3 and exit Gupabal. Take then line 704 to Bukhansan National Park information center or just follow the hikers. If you want to return to the subway station take bus number 8772. Bring some snacks and enough water or drinks with you. The sight is very beautiful at the peaks and you can also visit some temple's. 
Perfect for everyone to walk
There were so many different ways to choose from with various lenghts of routes. We didnt have so much time or the right equipment so we took one of the shortest routes. If I ever come back to Korea I would like to go for a longer tour. Really Beautiful nature.
Tiring but fufilling hike
We started our hike at the Jeongneung Information Center. From itaewon, we took the Seoul Metro and get off at Gireum Metro station. From exit 3, I took bus 110B. After that we hike to daeseongmun gate and then to the peak, Baegundae. I had the taste of taking the toughest route towards daeseongmun gate. It was a great hike and along the way, you can spot the locals. At the daeseongmun gate, we had lunch and I was amused to notice the locals having kimbab. We managed to reach the top after 5 hours. It was a good hike! We ended off near Suyu station where there was some machine to blow dry my clothes and bag. What a hike!
Great day hikes!
How to get there: Take the subway to Gupabal Station. Love the station at exit 1. Get on the 704 bus and get off at Bukhansan bus stop.There are numerous great hikes in the park. And some of the hikes are for advanced people, because it is more like climbing rocks. We went to Yonghyeobong and Uisanbong and these trails are quite hard. Many people set off to Beagundae, but I could recommend doing this when the weather is clear so you can look far away. The mountains that I mention above are very nice and I would certainly recommend them if you want a nice adventure. Enjoy!
Very tiring hike
The views are wonderful however the hike can be very steep at times. I would say prepare ahead of time.
peak experience
I think it's fair to say the hike to Baegundae Peak is pretty tough for the casual or non-hiker, but is definitely worth it. Not just for the views from the summit, but for all the gorgeous scenery along the way.The trails are well signposted and the very steepest sections have cables/steps to help you along.There's lots of trails to choose from and more than one way to Baegundae Peak itself, so I would recommend coming down a different trail to whichever one you take up in order to see more of this lovely park.A quick google search will give you easy instructions on how to get to the park from Seoul.
A Diamond in the Rough.
A beautiful National Park. A bit of a challenge to get there as a Tourist as many locals have never set foot in it even though it is only a few minutes from Seoul. The Park is beautiful and quite wild. The baths are demanding but fun. There are a lot of Boulders to climb over and the paths are quite steep. 
Fabulous hike away from hustle and bustle of the city
The Bukhansan National Park was on our bucket list for the visit in Seoul, and we were very happy we got to do it. It was a hot morning in early June, and we brought about 4 litres of water and Gatorade for the hike. Not very crowded track, but be prepared for the steep hike and approximately 700 meters you have to go up. The scrambling at the top is not for the faint hearted, but feels very safe with steps chiseled into the granite, and ropes to hold on to. I was almost seven months pregnant at the time and managed to do the return trip in five hours. For some weird reason both our hotel and taxi drives seemed unaware of where we actually wanted to go for the hike, so we were almost dropped of at the complete wrong place. The taxi ride from Myeongdong to the park entrance was 40 000 won, while the return trip was 15 000. Go on a day with no rain, I would imagine the granite slabs at the top to be very scary and slippery in wet weather.
Amazing place for hiking!
This is by far one of the best attractions in Seoul! Amazing views of the city, great nature (especially autumn), lots of routs for both experienced and beginning hikers. Highly recommended! 
Amazing!
This place is great for people who love the outdoors. The park is so big and there are so many different mountains you can climb if you're a hiker. I've been to a few different parts of the park and each part has been stunning. There are also some areas where you can just go for a picnic or an easy walk if hiking is not your thing. 
Such a lovely day!!!!!!!!!!!
I climbed up the mountain with my family on this holiday. We had a craving for some fresh air. Also, the weather was very nice! 
Exhausting hike but worthwhile
This hike is not an easy one! Prepare ahead with a route, water, and plenty of food! But the view at the peak is well worth it. The hike is absolutely gorgeous.
Difficult But Amazing Hike to Jubong Peak
We were confused by all of the different trails and peaks and ways we saw to get to Bukhansan National Park so we ended up on the east side in Obong & Yeoseongbong' Dobong District of the park that leads up to Jubong Peak. This does not seem like the route most people take. There were still many people on the trail but it wasn't over-crowded. One reason we took this route was because we could take the subway all of the way without having to deal with any buses. We took Line 1 and got off at Dobongsan subway station. It was easy to figure out which way to walk to the entrance of the park because we just followed all of the other people that looked like they were dressed for a hike! It was about a 1.5km walk to the park from the station and we picked up some gimbop and water on the way - there were many food vendors. The hike to Jubong Peak was 2.9km but it was not easy! The first half was uphill but the last .9km was incredibly steep. We had our 8, 10 and 12 year old kids with us and they made it too. I think it was harder on us than them. The last bit to the actual peak was almost vertical and you had to hold on to the railings to climb up. Thankfully there were railings at the top or I would not have let my children up there. It was incredible and the view was absolutely worth the difficult hike! We arrived around 12:30pm at the park and made it up by 3pm which included a stop for lunch.
Breathtaking View
If you love hiking or trekking, Bukhansan is one of the best. It was Spring when I tried trekking. Go early in the morning like 7:00 to enjoy going up. I do not have complete gear but I made it. Well, I am not telling you to do it also (because we can hike without nice pair of shoes for trekking or hiking in the Philippines). I saw many oldies who enjoyed going up. What I enjoyed was seeing those flowers blooming around. They were beautiful. I definitely do it again when I go back to Seoul.
A Wonderful Day of Hiking
Highly recommend taking a day and hiking in this park. There are many trails and I don't think it will be hard if you do not have a local, to get around. It is hilly, but doable, even if you are not in shape.
Rewarding hike!
This is something you should wake up early morning and head up the mountain. There are different routes depending on how challenging you wish your hike to be. Just make sure you bring plenty of water and a nice snack such as Kimbap to refuel you when you get to the top! 
Great place for a hike!!
Brilliant national park with some advanced hiking to the top and across the plateau. Definitely a must if in Seoul.
Must See and Do
We took the private tour and the employees were amazing. The hike is not for the faint of heart but it was well worth climbing. The views are great. The sauna experience will shock you as to how detailed and exotic it is but you will love it. The lunch was absolutely delicious and filling. Our tour guide moon made it so much fun for us. Strongly recommend.
Amazing views at the highest peak
We took the most common trail to the highest peak (Baegundae). We went on a Monday and got to the park around 0730. At this time, there was barely anyone on the trail. So when we got to the top, there was only ever 3 other people at the top. We spent about 30 minutes at the top and on the way back (around 1130) we started seeing a lot more foot traffic. So come early and try to avoid the weekend/holidays. Do not underestimate the trail, it is only 4.2km but it is very steep. Very challenging, and the view on a clear day is definitely worth it!
Must do it
Be ready to experience real hiking workload, but at the end you will agree that it's absolutely worth it. View from the top mountain is breathtaking. Sea, city and park panorama is amazing. Seoul is great city itself, but this sight must be included into your trip. So wear convinient for climbing outwear, get more water in your back pack and just do it! You will never regret.
Family Adventure to Baegundae Peak!
Best part of our Seoul vacation was family hike of Bukhansan National Park to reach Baegundae Peak. The views from the top are breathtaking and not to be missed. You need to have the proper hiking gear to go up as the trail is long and challenging. Took our family almost 4 hours to reach the peak.
Solo hike
The view up there is nice and refreshing. its not the hardest place to get to but you still need to do a bit of research. i went there really early in the morning so there was hardly anyone and at times i am quite worried that i will get lost but all in all. its a must do if you like nature and hiking :)
Amazing hike
We started the hike early in the morning and had the Baegundae peak to ourselves! Starting from the east side, it is quite challenging (there is an easier route from the west side of the park). It's a short drive from the city - 15 min by taxi. Highly recommended time away from the busy city. 
Thrilling and scared
If you stayed in Itaewon then you could take a bus number 110B and wait till the very last stop. Straight to Bukhansan National Park main entrance. For me, it was good hiking for someone that is not really have a good fitness. Many trails to choose, from easy to extreme but at some point will meet at the same checkpoint. You can enjoy the view of Seoul city during this journey. And its look easy and yet so challenging especially when you about to reach the summit. Its kind of mix feeling for me to be on the summit but I guest it was good to challenge myself here to encounter my fear of height. And the view on the summit, especially during the sunny day is quite worthy with the trail I encountered. 
Awesome
Wonderful mountains!!! Great for trekking or hikking. Would defenitky recommend to anyone interested in nature.
Very great place for hiking
Been there during Spring time, cooler than i thought. I suggest you bring a jacket along when hiking and bring more water and fruits. And I really recommend you to bring your lunch and snack and have a nice rest on the top of the mountain and enjoy the nice view!!! It was really nice but strong recommend wear long trousers and bring a coat ahhaa
Breathtaking view!
I took about 2 hours to climb to the top, spent an hour at the peak and took 1 and a half hours to climb down. The hike is an intermediate level I would say. It would be best to have proper hiking shoes because some of the rocks might be slippery. I wore sneakers for the hike, making my climb a lot more tiring but it was still manageable! The hike is really tiring but the view at the top is well worth it! Very important to bring enough water for the hike, at least 1 litre in my opinion. I would recommending bring some food too so you can picnic at the top! Kimbap is a great choice!
What an amazing place, right out of the city.
If you love hiking, don't miss. Take a bus to get there and enjoy yourself. It's best if you get a map of the trails before you get there as all they have are maps in Korean. However, everyone is very friendly and eager to help you. You might not be able to communicate, though. As a foreigner, you will feel perfectly fine and safe there.
Amazing! 
We did the hike all the way to the rock at the top - 2 1/2 hour climb. Hardest part is the first 2kms as it's very steep, after that you might as well continue all the way. Then after about 1/2 hour at the top it took us 1hr 45min down (via a different route). We followed the instructions (for option 2) to go all the way down to the township and then caught the bus to the metro station. We aren't hikers and we found this a manageable and enjoyable hike. Stunning views. So happy we took the time to visit. It was very busy for the short 300m part to the top, patience required. We took 5L water (in two camelback reservoirs) and ran out of water with one hour to go on the climb down. We also took plenty of food including snacks with us. I'll include a picture of the transportation instructions we followed that I found online - we used the first as our accomodation was in myeongdong. 
Wow! Most visited National park in the World
You will love this trip. Only a 40 minute bus ride from central Seoul. Well maintained, there are paved walks if you want them. Lots of temples and incredible flowers. Very well maintained.
Hiking in seoul
There are numerous entrance to Bukhansan national park and there are different trails. We didnt reach the peak, but we enjoy the hike. We met mainly locals during the day.
Highlight of our Korea tour
Bukhansan is amazingly beautiful. We did a 3 hr. hike and there were cherry blossoms all around. Take a picnic and buy a korean flag beforehand like we did for great photos on top. To get there: Take subway to Gupadal station, exit 1. From there take bus #704, 34, or 8774 (you will see other hikers) towards Bukhansanseog Fortress (about 10 stops). We just got off with the other hikers, no problem. There are restaurants at the bottom too. 
Fantastic place to escape the bustle of Seoul
This is a large mountain range, popular with hikers. There are short and long routes with many peaks, but most of it is accessible for casual hikers. Some routes take you along valleys with streams, some go along ridges. There are tree covered and bare parts and the rock looks stunning in morning and evening light.There are quite a lot of small local restaurants on the small roads leading to the main trails, and these are perfect for a post-hike feast of pajeon and makgeolli.The map website run by Naver (search for it) will show you most of the routes. If in doubt,l just follow the people in hiking clothes.
Great hiking experience!
Superb view at the top! And though the path got relatively more challenging halfway through (the first half is nicely paved and even has stairs), it is well equipped with steel cables to provide support for people like me who are afraid of heights. The peak has quite a small area though so you have to snap your photos quick as people will just keep swarming up. Also, advisable to bring a windbreaker as it's very windy up there.
Beautiful
A metro and bus journey to get there from Seoul but well worth it. Beautiful, natural park, lovely scenery and an excellent hike if you want to make it top the top of the peak(s)
Worth every step
We left from downtown Seoul -- took the purple Line 5 train to Jongno-3 station and got on the orange heading towards Daewha. Got off at Gupabal station (use exit 2) and got on the 704 (or 34) bus. We went on a Sunday, so there were plenty of other hikers to watch and follow. Got off ~10 stops later at something that sounded like Bukhansan and followed the hikers into a small town (lots of hiking gear and food/drink). BRING A LOT OF WATER. If you're going up to the top, you need minimal one bottle per person, but 2 would be better. You can buy this in the little town. There are also a couple of bathrooms on the way up, make sure you use them while you can!To be honest I have no idea the route we took, we just kept following signs toward the peak. Took us ~2.5 hours to get up there and another 1.5 to get back down. If you've read some other reviews, you'll have seen people recommend gloves - it's because of the lines you have to use at the top -- we made it without gloves, but they sure would've been nice, especially with sweaty hands! Absolutely worth the effort, even on a hazy day like we had. Not sure it'd be possible to get to the top on a rainy/wet day, so plan ahead!
Absolutely beautiful 
A must-do in Seoul !! The hike was challenging at times(be ready to use all fours)but it was absolutely worth the time and energy!!
Golden Buddha - hidden gem
Great place with easy access from Seoul center. Baegundae peak with impressive view of the city is quite challenging. Final part you must go next to the ropes. Best place in Bukhansan is Golden Buddha, not very popular trail, only 40-50 minutes from the entrance of the park. Very calm and beautiful place.
Intermediate to advanced hike but fun to the top, even for kids (9, 12)
This was an unexpectedly difficult but fun hike. You should be in reasonable shape or you might not enjoy this. Don't trust the Korean national park website that claims this is a beginners hike with slight slopes. When we arrived, we saw the sign - intermediate/advanced and even expert at the top. We decided to just go for it anyway and try to hike up as far as we could. And eventually ended up on the top. Our kids were actually not the problem, they kept jumping ahead over the stairs and boulders, but we got a little tired instead - it is a lot of stairs going up through the forests but you are frequently rewarded with great peeks of the surrounding rocks and summits. The last (optional) part of the hike is pulling yourself up along huge steel wires leading to the summit, but every post is secured by 3 wires, so I personally found it very safe for kids. No danger of slipping off somewhere.We started around 12 when a lot of older local folks were already heading down and when we arrived at the top 3 hours later, it wasn't crowded. It was on a weekday though, a Wednesday which is probably the best time to go up, the weekends are supposed to be very crowded. It was a bit chilly up there. We ate our snacks with great views over Seoul and accompanied by 5 cats (who knows how they got up there).We headed down the other way on the back of the mountain which had fewer stairs and a shorter way down. There was also a small hut where you could buy snacks and refreshments. We heard from hikers there were buses leaving from exit of the park but we were picked up by a very friendly Korean CSI guy (haha) who also took us to the nearby Buddhist temple around the corner and drove us to the next metro station. I was a little suspicious at first but he turned out to just be a super nice family father.Take the Metro Line 3 to Daehwa and get off in Inchuk. Wait for bus 72 that takes off at the exit and tell the driver (Bukhansan). When you are dropped off, continue to walk past a kiosk with barking dogs and then take a right. Walk up the street past the big signpost saying Bukhansan National Park. Keep walking up the road past all the hiking equipment stores on your left until you come to the little hut where the paths start off. Definitely grab a pair of gloves on the way if you plan to make it to the top, it will prevent you from getting sore palms. English maps are out of stock at the moment, but everything is signposted well enough that you neither require a guide nor a map. Oh, when you see the signpost to the left to Baegundae peak, don't cross the river but continue to walk up the river on the right river bank. The rest is well posted. You cannot get lost. Have fun! Bring lots of snacks and water.
Spectacular!!!
Celebrated my birthday march 9, 2016 at the top of Bukhansan Mountain. Started trekking at 8:30 in the cold morning ( forgotten which base we entered). I was with a Priscilla , Malaysian- Canadian i met in the hostel. It was the best birthday ive ever had in my life. Saw lots of locals and foreigners in small and big groups. We reached the top of the mountain and you can see the whole city from the top. Took lots of pictures, stayed for a while , we went back after we were fully rested. A must place to visit for all, not good for children though
Awesome!
My friends and I actually climb this moutain to the peak and when were halfway up there we realized that we've been climbing at advance level and to the peak its expert! No wonder we were tired but it wass all worth it as you felt a sense of accomplishment up there
Great place to hike
Very close to downtown of Seoul. Great place for hiking. Some trails are very difficult. You have to be equipped before go.
Worth the visit
I initially found most the reviews pointing towards taking the subway to gupabal/gireum. With a stroke of (bad) luck, I woke up late on the day I planned to visit Bukhansan. Googled a little and found that the quickest way to reach the Baegundae peak was via taking the subway to Suyu station exit 3, crossing the road to the busstop in the middle of the road and taking bus 120. The bus 120 will stop at the bus terminal. Here it gets tricky, I got lucky and spotted the shuttle bus that takes temple visitors to Dosunsa Temple which is the base of the climbing trail. There isn't a sign or any counter that I could see that indicated that so maybe it would be helpful to ask anyone around. The kind bus uncle asked me "Dosunsa"? and pointed me up the bus. Prepare 1000won but you don't have to give it to the bus uncle - when we reached the temple destination, there will be a donation box of sorts once you alight the bus, place it in there. From there, the entrance towards the trail sort of starts. I arrived at the temple/entrance at 2pm (I wouldn't recommend reaching there so late, I was really taking my chances, I thought I'd be the last one ascending but there were a couple more people behind me soon after. I didn't want to descend when the sun was setting so I had to maintain a rather regular pace) I reached the peak at around 3.30pm, it took me around 1.5hrs. There are signages along the way that are in English so that's helpful. There weren't many people taking the same path, perhaps this path's view isn't as nice. The view's good, it would have been better if it wasn't cloudy. I started the descent at around 4pm and reach the starting point at around 5pm. It was rather slippery going down so I'd definitely recommend actually hiking shoes, I foolishly brought my old running shoes in hopes that I could use and throw it after the hike, bad mistake. I had to use my hands a lot so a pair of gloves would be useful, the ropes are cold. The same shuttle bus would take you down to the bus terminal. There is a time schedule near the place where the shuttle bus stopped (I took the bus at 5.20pm, there was one at 4.50pm) So thereafter it's the same journey back to the subway station Suyu. I would have wanted to try a different trail down but it was getting late and I didn't want to risk descending in the dark with no clue how to get out. But it's a doable hike and I did enjoy myself, good for day trips for tourists who are interested to see nature.Done on 3 Apr 2017
Breathtaking view, and a good day's exercise in beautiful nature.
I took the 160 bus from Geondeok station and transferred to 162 at the Samseongyo Bridge Hamsung Uni. to end up at Jeongneung Daewoo Apt, which was a 15-20 min. walk from where I started the climb. The buses are good in terms of the fact that they convey in English the next stop -- pay attention and you will be fine. Transportation took about 1.5 hour.The total hike took about 5 hours in total to reach to the Peak and back (my Fitbit tells me that I have walked 21 km today, but believe the walk itself is about 10-14 km from start to finish). Don't give up -- it is totally worth it! Beautiful view, a nice cabin where you can enjoy hot ramen on the way down, and the possibility to reward yourself with sauna at Back Doo San sauna on the way down. The sauna is a bit run down, and not the most elegant sauna that I have attended in Korea/Japan, but it was extremely comfortable to feel hot simmering water for sore legs. Bring lots of water and hot clothes (I walked in March and it was still snow at some few spots). There are signs that can guide you, and helpful locals -- enjoy!
Top of the mountain
Wow, getting to the top was amazing, took the easier route up 1.9 km from the beagundae starting point, then took the 3.4 km down the other side. Went around 9 am on a weekday and there were only a few people at the top, coming down there were a lot more people. Hiked there two days, wish I could do more.
Beautiful View and great hikes
There are so many great trails on this mountain. I have only done the main hike up to the top point. I have done the hike twice, it is medium difficulty throughout and takes up to 4 hours. As you get to the top it become more challenging and really tests your fear of heights or lack thereof. So many little stops to chill and talk with locals or eat some snacks and take pictures. It is a tradition for my friends and I to bring traditional Korean rice wine to share on the top a long with some food. There is a so many picturesque views that you can not pass up. 
Climbing the highest peak
Without doubt a trip here is unmissable if you like hiking/climbing. We had a complete day here and it is soooooo beautiful. There are multiple sections to the park and you could come here time and time again to complete a different trail. We climbed the highest peak and the view made the climb worth all of the effort! Free entry to all and the car park is very cheap also. The photographic opportunities are plentiful and the weather was very kind to us. Lots of hiking shops around to stock up on items you may need also. Allow yourself plenty of time and definitely take water with you. We took our dogs the first time but then discovered that they are not allowed in the National Parks so we went back without them the following week. Lots of trails of different ease and difficulty with temples dotted about all over the place. Well signposted, immaculate and a must see.
Fantastic Hiking and Views
I have been a Boy Scout leader in Seoul for the last nine years and have hiked Bukhansan dozens of time. This park is in fact my favorite hiking location and is one of the most hiked in Korea. The park is formed by two parallel mountain ridges with a steep valley between them. Hiking starts on paths at bottom of the mountains and go up to the ridges. Hikers then walk along the ridgeline enjoying the sights. Part of the old Seoul defensive wall runs along the ridgeline on the east side. Located north of the outskirts of Seoul, mass transit is available to several of the start point where outdoor stores and restaurants can be found. A day spent hiking the ridges of Bukhansan is a fine day indeed. 
Beautiful views!
I love this park! They have so many different paths to get to the top depending on your skill level. Totally worth taking a day to hike! 
Frozen waterfalls and amazing vistas
Located in the near approximately twenty minutes from Uijeongbu, Bukhansan offers caustic views amongst the wildernesses; a far cry from the bustle of the city. You are greeted by a traditional temple which we were fortunate to visit on a day when monks walk the grounds willing to give a history of the location, a blessing for good health, and a cup of local tea and a pastry. Restrooms are plentiful and clean. Stop by the small restaurant for a bit to eat or a hot tea. Scrambling is necessary in many areas but if you're up for the challenge the scenery is worth it. Be sure to wear good hiking shoes. 
A nice hike in the middle of a city!
This mountain will always be special to me. This is where I've experience my first snowfall. Coming from a tropical country, I've always dreamed of experiencing snow. Went to hike solo Baegundae Peak in the later part of November 2016 and I was not expecting it. It was surreal feeling! haha. Hike is relatively fine for a hiker like me. I don't know which trail I took going up as there are different trails but it took me almost 3 hours to Baegundae Peak. And then I took different trail going down. This is safe for a solo hikers, there are a lot of hikers even on weekday. Must visit when in Seoul. :)
Bukhansan Trails!
Lots of paths to take which could take you hours, days, and weeks. Make sure you have some good shoes or walking stick because there are lots of potential chances of slipping
Good medium hike
I loved the idea of being able to hike a mountain in the middle of a metro city! a must do in Seoul.
Fabulous mountain views with many trails for various skill levels
I have hiked 3 different trails in this park area and each time have been inspired and amazed by the beautiful mountain views there. This is a great park to hike for people of any skill level.
Tough climb in the snow - but worth it
Climbed Mt Baegundae the tallest mountain in the park in the afternoon in the snow on the day i arrived in Seoul. The trails were good and well marked but the steep slopes on the last 1km were tough in snowstorm and icy conditions. Ice Cleats (spikes) are needed for the climb - which can be purchased at one of the many outdoor shops near the park entrance. The mountains looked beautiful in the snow.
Top of the World
We hiked the summit of Mt. Baegundae: Very recommendable challenge! Cables and stairs help, ice and snow did not, but we made it :-)
A lovely afternoon out.
I went there for an afternoon walk with my boyfriend on a Friday and there were barely any people around. It was incredibly peaceful and not that difficult a walk. We took the bus 143 from crown hotel near Itaewon to the end of the line travelling North. It drops you off very close to the National Park building with the information office in.
Great Hiking location with a multitude of trails
Hiked this area almost every weekend. There is a wide variety of trails so that you can keep coming up with new routes every time you visit. Great view of Seoul once you get to the peaks as well.
Just do not miss it
Great way to experience the outdoors when you visit Seoul. The views were great. You should not miss it
Perfect for a weekend getaway
To climb to the top of the mt you might need about 2 hours, and it's definitely worth it. The view was spectacle there on the top, but you probably need a pare of climbing boot to avoid some potential injuries.
Beautiful!
After the bussle of the cities it is great to get refreshed by taking a hike in the National Park. Work a few hours.
Cool place to hike
You can hike the whole day there if you want. The way to the top is quite difficult. Koreans are very rude on the trail and stupid, they block the way and don't go away. You can visit several temples and Peaks.
Tough walk, what lots of locals do during the weekend
Be aware this is a tough walk, have some good mountain shoes (beter then sneakers), a walking stick can really help, and bring enough water. When we reached one of the tops, it was cloudy so the view on Seoul was not very good. The taxi's to go back were difficult. The trick is to have your hotel name and the adress in Korean on your smartphone. We even had to swithc from taxi to get back to the city centre.
Beautiful but confusing
Its lovely here, its amazing that you are so close to 25 million people in Seoul. However getting your bearings here if you don't read Hangul is almost impossible. The basic hiking map provided is just some squiggles on an A4 sheet. If you go do your homework fist and print out ant directions you can find on the web (few and far between) otherwise you will still be there in 2018!
Must do
Great way to experience the outdoors when visiting Seoul. Dozens of well maintained trails with varying degrees of difficulty. Peaceful, with great views. On top of that, there are about 20 Buddhist temples throughout the mountain. Makes for a great day of hiking.
Beautiful
The trekking trails are well maintained. Views were great. Baegundae peak is quite challenging. Need strong arms and legs for the last bit to the peak.
Great view from the top
The view from the top of the mountain is always great. I used to climb to the top on the weekend. so fresh and nice view from the top reminds me of the old days.
Fantastic place to hike. Hikes are 1 hour to 5 hours..
This is a great experience if in Seoul..although it will also test your fitness. Its best hiked weekdays at 7am ~ 9am start and aim to return by lunchtime. 
Great Day Hike Location Near Seoul
A great place to experience a local hike in the outdoors and meet locals. Very accessible with a bus trip stopping in front of the national park. Just 45 minutes from the city centre. Trails are well marked and beautiful maintained.You will be rewarded with a fantastic view of the city if you make it to the peak.
Worth the hike
If you are up to a hike then this is worth a visit. I am sure you can get a tour that will drive you up the mountain but feel the true beauty of the mountain can be lost, we managed to see some wildlife on the hike up. Make sure you dress appropriately, comfy shoes or hiking shoes are a must
Overall, thrilling exercise, with the city vista : the last 30 min to the top was challenging!
From Gangnam Station, the taxi ride was mere $25 with tip (45 min), to the entrance roundabout. The taxi driver forewarned us that there would be any public transport from the drop-off/entrance back down to the town. Indeed, there is no public transportation on the way down from the park entrance to the local bus terminal. Obviously, there wasn't enough parking space for all the park visitors either. There was no one leaving the park when we arrived. I thought we would call for the taxi later, but, later, it turned out that the dispatchers said no driver would come up to pick us up either, although it was only 5 min. ride to the entrance. No Public Buses, either. Later, another taxi drivers in Seoul told me that, over the weekends, only a few taxi drivers would hang at the entrance to pick up the hikers back to the subway or bus terminal for the quickest and shortest ride at the fixed higher fare (illegal) but, I thought that would be better than no connecting service. Now the physical and mental preparation_________________Plan ahead for the rough day if you hadn't exercised for a while, or feeble. And, try to make it to the Stone wall Gate North at the castle wall (Bukhan Sanseong), that is, IMO, how far the younger and shorter ones could get to, but none of these courses are suitable for little ones. Now, the really steep part is the next 20 min. just a bit further beyond the Cabin Rest Stop (with log seats), but it was manageable with log steps and metal steps. The last freaky part after the Stone wall gate, was beyond my limit. No one told me that Stone wall gate was just the middle stop, before the next challenging leg. It was windy, and, if you miss any control of your balance, there is no tree or flat ground to catch you anywhere. Frequently pulling your body weight dangling to the metal wire rope rails, you will feel you are soaring above the tree lines to see the distant vista to Modern Seoul fabrication. This is where others said you need a Sun Screen. It appeared that I was standing on one giant grey granite formation in the last leg to the top.  Again, if you are not able to pull your body weight and lift your legs up high up on your chest leaning on the ropes for quite a distance (vertically) in this last leg (Stone wall gate-Top), you should stop at the stone gate of the castle walls. Upon this far up, you will have already experienced quite good mental and physical challenging moments and it would be equally rewarding looking around at 360 degree from the mountain top.Again, don't "exhaust" yourself until you see the last leg begins at the cabin rest stop. And, the stone wall gate next.Even for this short trip, you will need a proper gears_________________The high-neck hiking boots and the anti-slip gloves are a must! Lots of Korean Climbers brought walking sticks and they were wearing mountain gears that are bright and flexible. Unlike those Fit Korean Climbers, one of us was a big guy with some disability. He gave up at the cabin rest stop, which meant we had to come back to the same route to descent, instead of several other options to exit the park on other trails. But, I am glad he stopped there as it was impossible for him to climb the last legs. There are lots of sings, in Korean, that warns the elderly and the cardiovascular unfit people not to climb, it wasn't just the “at your own risk” sign. No Wonder why we saw a remote police station along the trail earlier. Until I tried the last leg, I did not know I was the unfit case myself. I was out of breath just short of one last turn to the top of the world, I exhausted myself too soon thinking the stone wall gate was the stop. The shaky legs and the spinnning head tells me to stop, while my arms were pulling my whole body weight on the ice cold metal rope fo quite a while. And, these descending group climbers would not give any room for me to continue upward.At the top of the last step, I freaked out, and there was no one in sight. And, minutes later my buddy who was ahead of me returned and said I just missed the last turn. But, I did not have any energy left.And, I was thinking of a leisurely climbing like Mt Sorak. But, this last bit is not for the amateurs. I can now believe the annual casualty reports at the base info center. One climber said later that he could not get to the top for the past 20 years, until the park management laid the metal rope rails and metal steps.The afternoon Sun was warm and downcasting its golden rays onto the city. Who knew that one could experience the nature so close in the city? I thought it was a bless to the Seoulites. It is within Seoul, and short, yet quite challenging to anyone. The rocks are ridiculously beautiful and vista at the top was woeful. In comparison to Mt. Sorak National park last year, near Sokcho city (East of Seoul)where the trails were slow, fun and minimally challenging. this Baekun-dae trail, although I was told that it is only the beginner's level, I find it much harder than Mt. Sorak. Or, I am simply older and unfit. The descending was less tiring but it took us quite a while being careful not to hurt our joints or spines. 2 + hours. Altogether it was 5+ hours for us with lots of mini stops. No Public Transportation service to the town_______________________Now, back at the foot of the entrance, as the night falls, the temple shuttle bus driver refused to pick up the last group of the climber, unlike we were told. With no available Taxi, I even called for the taxi but no taxi would want to come up to pick us up. We had to walk down another 35 min. in the dark path, spotting the wild boars along the way, to the bus terminal. What I find ridiculously unsafe was, the asphalt road was all well-lit, but the walking path down, was separated and often above the road level, with uneven ground or steps. In the dark night, it was really dangerous. And, we noticed some abandoned dogs approached us probably for food. Then, almost half way down, we saw the same bus passing by us with the climbers on the bus. Why didn't he take us in the first place? I have no idea.We grabbed a random local bus heading to South of Seoul, Gangnam (well, I could read Korean to use Korean Transport app). Otherwise, the destination on the buses was clueless for a foreigner. Many other buses were heading further North East. After 20+ stops, we got off the bus at a busy commercial area where we could find a taxi.This limited access to the transportation after exiting the park made us feel vulnerable and quite annoyed. But, the whole half a day trip out here was really memorable. And, I can see its rank on TA is soaring, too. So, when you plan to come to Seoul, pack your hiking boots, gloves, and a bright windbreaker jacket.We really enjoyed the day.Duration : 5+ hours
Must do
A good place to hike. Hike in South Korea is a must to do experience. You can hike without food and the Koreans that you meet during the trail are more than happy to share with you their food and rice wine. Beautiful view. I was very lucky to meet a guy, that explain me a lot of things about of the mountain and showed me some rocks with particular shapes, that I couldn't notice if I was hiking by myself.
Great day out in Seoul
Not too rough yet challenging enough for a day out in Seoul. A steep climb for last 1km route but well equip with stairs and rope. Took us almost 4 hours to and fro while the park assistant told us about 2 hours plus. We went on beginning of October, suppose to be nice chilling day but the sun was too kind to us. Make sure you have sun screen with you all the time. After all, we had really good time.We took subway till Gupabal station then transfer to bus (704 or 34) then walk about 5 mins to park entrance. Just follow the local or other tourist :) Bring some snacks along. There are many restaurant near park entrance, those with english menu mostly more pricey; the local stall offer good food but language may be problem.
Great hiking experience with good view, but prepare for rough hike!
We went to Gupakal station, took bus 34 or 704 and walked straight to information center. We saw long queue for the bus so we just followed. Many Korean come here for hiking on the weekend. It started off easy with proper road, on gravel road, & with easy rocky paths, challenging rocky paths & the final stretch looking like Mission Impossible scene. The path we choose is only intermediate, but it is actually very advanced level for normal people like us. So please come prepared with good hiking shoes & gears. If you are not sure what to get, you can refer to the Koreans outfit & gears which you can get around the information center.It took us at least 3 hours on the way up for the 4.2km to Baekundae Peak. We had to turn back with only 300m to the peak as it looks too dangerous without the hiking gears. We had lots of respect for the grandpa & grandma who hike so swiftly & jumping from rocks to rocks! The way down is a lot shorter as we dont need to stop & catch our breath. Despite all the challenges, this place is worth a visit but please get ready your gears, bring drinking waters & at least a Snicker Bar as you will be famish when you are at the top, especially when you see the Korean Grandpa & Gramma come prepared with Hot Cup Noodles or drink & a tiny stool.
Good walking trails. east to get to.
Being seniors, we were a little concerned about visiting Bukhansan - not sure if we could cope with the walking trails. I can tell you now that it is definitely worth visiting. After visiting the lovely Gyeogbokgung, we took the line 3 metro to Gupabal station. Outside the station, jump on to bus no.704 and that took us to a stop just outside the Bukhansan National Park. It's a short walk into the entrance of the park where there is a ranger station. Speak to the lady at the window and she will show you an appropriate walking trail on a map. As it was late in the afternoon, she showed us a trail that will take 2 hours (end to end). The trail is most suitable for us as most of the track is bitumen and therefore easier on our feet. It was a delightful walk to the big Buddha temple in the midst of autumn colour.
worth your morning time, every time you stay!
Went hiking there in the morning and almost have the plave to ourselves. Koreans are late risers. Excellent hike up the Baegundae takes you 2 hrs to go up and the same to go down. And than take a great lunch afterwards, can not get better. All you need is good shoes since path is very rocky and some water and snacks and you can go. Path can get very crowded and the top is only a small place so if you start late prepare to stay in the hikers queue!
Hike to Baekundae Peak at Bukhansan National Park
We got the following useful information from a Tourist Information booth in the city;(1) BUKHANSANSUNG CourseDuration : 2h 30mins (3.4km)Difficulty : IntermediateRoute : Info Ctr - Daesoemun Gate - Borisa Temple - Baekundae PeakGetting There : (Metro Line 3) Gupabal Stn Exit 1 or 2 > take bus 704 or 34 (25mins) > Alight at Bukhansansung Ipgu > 10 mins walk > Info Ctr(2) UIAM CourseDuration : 1h 10 mins (2.5km)Difficulty : Easy (abit of slope)Route : Info Ctr - Cheonjinsa Temple - UiamGetting There : (Metro Line 1) Dobongsan Stn Exit 1 > 10 mins walk > Dobong Info Ctr(3) BAEKUNDAE CourseDuration : 1h 30 mins (1.9km)Difficulty : IntermediateRoute : Info Ctr - Harujae Hill - Baekundae PeakGetting There : (Metro Line 4) Suyu Stn Exit 3 > take bus 120 or 130 (20mins) > Alight at last stop > 35 mins walk > Baekundae Info Ctr(4) BOGUKMUN CourseDuration : 1h 20mins (2.4km)Difficulty : Easy (abit of slope)Route : Info Ctr - Kaltakgogae Hill - Bogukmun GateGetting There : (Metro Line 4) Gireum Stn Exit 3 > take bus 110B (45mins) > Alight at last stop > 3 mins walk to Jeongneung Info Ctr(5) BIBONG CourseDuration : 1 hr (2km)Difficulty : IntermediateRoute : Info Ctr - Geumseona Temple - Bibong PeakGetting There : (Metro Line 5) Gwanghwamun Stn Exit 2 > take bus 7212 (25mins) > Alight at "l-buk-odo-cheong" > 10 mins walk > Bibong Info CtrWe chose the Baekundae Course, and decided to take a taxi from Myeong-Dong to the Baekundae Information Centre. The journey took about 45 mins and costs W30,000 by taxi metre. Some taxis refused to go, maybe because it is an outskirt drive. It is advisable to get the hotel concierge to write down the address of the information centre in Korean and the telephone number too, to show it to the taxi driver. Our taxi driver called the info centre to confirm the direction and venue. We were happy to have met a taxi driver who is kind and friendly. It was ultimately a wise decision as we avoided the crowded metro and bus rides, and the 35 mins walking up the mild slope to the information centre from the bus terminal. The climb wasn't an easy one I must say, but manageable with intermittent rest during the climb. Some climbs were steep and rocky, a few flight of long stairs too. It is definitely not recommended for children, especially at the final climb to the peak. You will need to hold on to iron railings and step on the steep rock in order to climb up to the summit.Proper covered track shoes or mountain shoes must be worn, otherwise your foot and toes will get cuts from rocks and stones. There is a rest station midway, where you can purchase drinks, ice cream or cup noodles. A few decent toilet stops are available too. The climb to the summit took us about 1.5 hours, and is certainly worth the effort. Along the way we see beautiful autumn leaves, forests, magnificient mountain views at the top and breathtaking scenaries. It is advisable to start the trail earlier, with lesser mountain climbers. The crowd picks up gradually. When the peak area is packed with people, it makes it harder to climb up and down the narrow and steep slope. Happy climbing. 
The best place around the Seoul area !
It was certainly the best place around Seoul during my trip. Its good to choose autumn months (not that hot like summer and cold like winter and beautifull colors on the trees). Hiking is kind of national sport in Korea so expect many people especially during weekends and sunny weather. In my opinion is not that easy to hike so better have proper shoes and clothes (although its possible to do it in jeans and trainers it will not be a pleasant journey). There are many paths that you can choose but it may be not that easy to get there with public transportation. Views are breathtaking. You have to see it!!!
One day trek to the top of Baegundae Peak
Took the tube from Anguk to Gopabal then the bus (I have forgotten the bus number) arrived at the park very early on a Wednesday morning, about 7.00 am and it was still a bit dark and I appeared to be the only one there. Two other people soon turned up so I just followed them. It took me about 6 hours to do the round trip to the peak with a few stops for rest and also to take in the stunning views. The climb was beautiful through wooded areas with lots of birdlife (many woodpeckers) and squirrels. The foliage was autumnal with beautiful colours.I saw very few people on my way up and there were only about 5 or 6 at the summit. It is a hard climb but perfectly doable with reasonable fitness. I am a 60 year old female and I made it with no mishaps other than some wobbly legs on the way down.Well worth the minimal trouble of getting there and I would advise going as early as possible to avoid any crowds. I did meet more people as I came back down. A good day out and I am so glad I made the effort as the scenery was stunning, especially at the peak when the mist appeared making the mountains look much more foreboding than they actually were.
Baegundae Peak - one of my most favorite hikes EVER
Wow, where do I start? How about you can get there by SUBWAY? If you go in the fall, you will see the most incredible display of fall colors this side of New England. People all over Asia fly to Korea in the fall to witness the colors turning at Nami Island, but this hike is much more hard-core and cool. It's supposedly only 2 hours to get to the top, but you'll want to budget more time for hiking it, especially in the fall, because you'll want to take a lot of pictures and also, that last 1-2 kilometers is GRUELING. I did okay, despite the fact that I only brought water and no food. Was kicking myself about that, because it would have been fantastic to eat a sandwich at various points along the way. There were some poor people I heard along the way seriously struggling, making groaning sounds with every single step. I'm not sure they even made it all the way. The last kilometer or so is cables, and I think anyone with a fear of heights probably shouldn't do this hike at all. There's a fair bit of scrambling. I definitely used my hands quite a bit. It's somewhat like the cable section of Half Dome in Yosemite, but maybe even more technical (although at least, compared to Half Dome, this hike is much shorter).The views at the top are spectacular. In one direction, all of Seoul is spread out before you. And in the other, mountains. The mountains here have a gorgeous shape. And there is a mix of granite and trees, so they are especially photogenic. Plus, there was a family of 3 cute kitties at the top! I cannot emphasize enough how fun this hike was. I did the hike on a beautiful autumn Thursday afternoon, starting from the national park entrance (bus 704 from Gupabal Station) at 12:30 and coming back by 5pm. I didn't use poles or gloves, but I think they would have been handy. Not a hike for those with bad knees! A lot of rocks. The cables weren't rusty at least, so gloves are not essential but I think they would have made going down a bit more comfortable. I am so glad I did this before leaving Seoul. I think this hike should be on any hiker's bucket list!
 Birthday Hike
We hiked on the most beautiful fall day. Weather was perfect with sun and a light breeze. We traveled on the subway then bus to the park, so worth it! We saw birds, squirrels, a couple friendly dogs and cats. The hike was a great workout with the amazing gift of beautiful views at the top. Best birthday gift!
Tougher than I thought it would be
We hiked it with our daughters aged 9 and almost 11. And the trails were a lot harder than we expected them to be. We all wore sneakers and that's a minimum. I asked at the information counter and was advised on the route to walk. We ended up walking 11k with almost 700 meters in elevation (Hike from Bukhansanseong Information Center to Daenammun Gate via Daeseongmun gate to Jeongeung Information Center.) Apparently easier and shorter routes are available but I didn't find them. We did it a nice and dry October day, I can imagine when it's hot, colder or wet the hikes to be quite tough and you would need better gear to cope with the circumstances.But it's an excellent day trip when visiting Seoul and definitely worthwhile the trip out.It's easy to get to the park. Several metro station feed into bus lines that will take you to the start of the trails (just follow the other hikers). Bus also announces and displays in english what the stops are called so it's fool proof.
WORTH the hike!
It is relatively easy to reach the entrance by public transports. We took the easy trail, rocky mostly. Regretted i wore the thin-sole hiking shoes, as i was not aware of the rocky trail. but it is definitely awesome view at the summit! we brought coffee but no food and that's really bad! overall, check the weather for the best time and day to hike as we went during rainy season and based on weather forecast, we started hike at 10am instead of 7am and that is totally fine. entrance is free but u need to pay a small fee for the map.
Hike it for the view!
I've hiked some nice tall mountains in Quebec, Canada. But nothing compares to the hike that I've experience in Bukhansan National park.The view at the top is definitely worth seeing, but don't take it lightly as this needs good hiking boots!The area is easily accessible by metro followed by a ride in the bus. The time that we went, there were a bunch of people dressed for hiking, and they took the same bus as us. We weren't 100% sure where we were supposed to get off, but when they got off the bus, we got off as well!Careful at the top, it's so high and a tad bit crowded that you might feel like you're going to fly off the summit.*No entrance fee*
Great for walking
We wandered around a short trail on the park which still took a few hours to complete and let us see some amazing views of the surrounding mountains. There are a few temples dotted around the park too, which are great to discover. There are plenty of maps located around the trails too. 
Amazing View of the City
I was able to get to the entrance of the park using the subway station then taking a taxi to the entrance of the park. I went in 2015 and Google maps and Apple maps did not work in Korea. It will give you an idea of what train to take to your destination, but it will not show you where you are accurately. Despite this, they are still helpful and will point you in a the right direction. I would sched a full day for the trip. Despite the maps posted along the trail, we still got lost. We wanted to be able to go back the way we came, but ended up on the other side of the mountain. However, despite that, all the locals (who spoke a conversational amount of English) were so nice to us and helped us get on a taxi back to the train station. I felt like this was a moderate hike, but due to the distance, some may think it to be a bit more strenuous. A lot of the locals will bring trekking poles (although I do not think it's needed). I would dress in layers because the top of the mountain is fairly windy and cold, while the bottom can be warm. One thing I wish I did before going to the top, that a LOT of the locals did, was bring a cup of noodles and a hot thermostat of water to eat at the top. It looked so good and my stomach was jealous. I definitely think this hike is worth the work and was my favorite part of my trip to Seoul.
Tough Hike with an Excellent view
This is not an easy hike! Lots of steps and boulders to climb steeply to. Its a great work out. Do not climb if it rains or have rained few hours before your hike. it can be slippery. But end of the day, when you reach to the top, and get motivated by the locals to move; its all worth it. Stunning view! You get to see lots of great scenery and views. Every hikers dream. 2.5 hours to get up and 1 hour to get down. Enjoy!
An oasis in a crowded city
Great park with walking / hiking trails. Wonderful scenery. Great for dog walking. It is a bit uphill but wonderful views if you don`t mind the steep hike.
Stunning Views
Absolutely beautiful and well worth a trip. Very easy to get to via bus. A stunning natural landscape.
Great hiking with stunning views of Seoul
Beautiful National Park on the outskirts of Seoul. Easy to get to, we took the metro line number 3 to Gupbal station, exit 1. Then took bus 704 to the entrance (just follow all the local hikers). We climbed up Baegundae peak one of the highest in the park. Started off easy but the route does get harder/steeper as you go on up. Think this peak is for advance hikers!Took us just over 3 hours to reach the top (we are novices) but we did stop for a picnic lunch half way up. Views at the top - stunning. You can buy a map for 1000 yen and the lady marks out the route and times for you.This national park is big. There are many different routes and entrances so do you research before you go and be prepared with fluids and food. At the Baegundae peak entrance there are many hiking shops and food stalls if you forget.In all had a lovely day in the fresh Korean air.
Fantastic Scenery
Went there by an accompanied coach tour. Amazing scenery with the mountain and the river specially when viewed from high up on the mountain that is accessible by cable car. Unfortunately did not spend enough time. There are lots of tracks for adventure. Should go there again and spend more time and may be stay a few days. The speciality at the restaurant is the stuffed quid which is very good. There is a huge statue of Buddha and a temple.
A lovely national park, I'd a little steep
This is a great national park conveniently located in Seoul by subway and then a short bus ride away. The view from the top is great, if only they had a bit more to see at the Base of the national park. Still it's not seorksan or jirisan national park. But it's a great way to spend a day in Seoul in autumn. 
Beautiful
Went here a few days ago to explore. Was really beautiful. Plenty of restrooms spread around and tons of scenery. Make sure to wear something comfortable because you will want to see it all!
Steep trails and great views
Hiked to Bukhansan peak with my wife and in-laws who are Korean natives so cannot be much help on directions. However, please be prepared for this hike and don't make all foreigners look bad.Koreans do not seem to use switchbacks, and Bukhansan peak is about 2700 ft elevation, so yes, all the trails up are steep. Expect lots of stone or boardwalk steps, some bouldering too, all very steep.I have hiked multiple trails in the Smoky Mountains and other places in east TN, USA, and though Korean mountains remind me a lot of this environment, the Korean trails I have hiked are without exception steeper overall than trails back home.Considering this, our party was hiking at about 1 mile per hour on the way up, perhaps slightly faster going down. Plan your water and food requirements accordingly based on the length of the trail you choose. Even the shortest trail is likely to be a 2+ hour climb up. Could easily be an all day hike, so most hikers you will see packing a lunch, snacks and plenty of liquids.Wear sturdy shoes if you have them, though the hike can be done in tennis shoes if you are careful with foot placement.Finally, enjoy the magnificent views from the top - there is a reason this is so popular!
Great, fun hike, could get crowded. Hiking boots recommended.
For a hiker visiting Seoul, I would say Bukhansan is a must. There must be few places where one can take the subway to a National Park and hike a nice trail.There are many hiking options. This review is for Dobongson Peak (aka Jaunbong), one of the most popular hikes. Take the subway to Dobongson (not Dobong, the stop just before). It's a pretty long ride from the city (40-50 minutes).You don't need a map or gps to get to the entrance from the subway. Cross the street, and follow the long line of hikers who know where they're going, or the shops that line the path from the subway to the NP entrance.Once there, pick up a map from the rangers. The ranger recommended the popular trail (highlighted in picture). The trail to Jaunbong is only about 5 miles (5.12 with several sidetracks), but it's a 1900+ feet ascent. There are several sidetrails to temples. I recommend a visit to Cheonchuksa, which requires a detour. Most other temples are right on the highlighted route. The junctions are not obvious at times, and they are not always marked in English. However, if you keep going up, you will likely find your way there eventually.Hiking boots / poles are helpful, but not essential. I went on sneakers because I didn't want to pick my boots / poles. Prepare for some slippage, esp on the way down. However, the trails are very well maintained (though it is possible to get slightly lost). Most of the trail is in the shade. There are many stop areas. You need to bring water and food for sure.The peak gets a little crowded, but the views are amazing. There's a little stream at the bottom where people like to hang out and have a picnic.Because of its easy access, the park must be a madhouse at times. It was mildly crowded when I went on a weekday morning. I read somewhere that it's the highest hiker / area NP in the world.There are many outdoor-gear stores on the way. The stuff is not cheaper than back in nyc. There are also many little restaurants that dot your path, and a couple of 7-11s for drinks, etc. There are several bathrooms at the base.
Be careful 
We managed to get to one of the peaks and the view was worth it but be careful. We stupidly came poorly equipped for a hike and had about four falls due to slippery rocks on the way down and got scrapes and bruises. My sister almost fell off the edge and was in shock. It is a beautiful mountain and you should go if you can but you must be fit and come prepared with hiking boots, sticks, water and first aid kit. There are bits on the path where there's no clear path and you need to use the ropes and hand bars to push yourself up. Going down was more difficult than going up for me due to slippery pebbles. There is also little signage in English and it was difficult to know which exit to take. Thankfully all the Koreans on the hike were extremely friendly and came to our aid after our falls and advised on which exit was best to take. We were also invited to an impromptu picnic with a curious family who took pity on us! 
"Great things are done when men and mountains meet" Whiskey Bravo
Take the subway to hike a mountain = gotta love it!My revelation (and I reserve the right to be wrong) is that there is no Bukhansan Mountain. There is a fortress that you can hike along the perimeter that seems to be more than one mountain. There are definitely multiple mountains to climb in park. I hiked two to the west of the fortress. The fortress hike can be crowded, but it is worth the crowds and heat/cold. The two I hiked to the west of the fortress, I found simply by probing the perimeter of town. Those trails had excellent views too. Additionally, one mountain required climbing gear to summit (research for a local club) Its all free :)Consider a bandanna map of Bukhansan fm one of the several hiking stores around fortress access points/trail heads. Fortress trails are more fun and scenic than difficult (IOW fairly established and well maintained paths... some of the more vertical stretches may require some rest stops but overall the fortress are not demanding. As always w/ hiking = check the weather forecast and bring 'sufficient' water = make fun!
The most beautiful views of Seoul!
This national park covers a huge area, and the walks we tackled were quite difficult and involved literal rock climbing - not for the feint hearted! We entered via suyu station and then no.2 bus to Hwagyesa temple. From there it was a steep climb to the top, only about an hour, but many tracks we followed signs to the 'ridge walk' and then just followed any heading upwards. The most breathtaking views at the top! 
If you like hiking, it is a must.
I love hiking and I had planned to do it. I was going to join a tour group and pay about $150 for the hike, lunch, and Korean spa after. However, by the time I knew I could go, there were no more spots on the tour. So, I went by myself with public transportation. There are excellent articles on the Internet on how to go to the trail head on public transportation. The hike was wonderful but challenging. I had jet lag and did not have enough sleep, so it was very hard for me. However, I see a lot of people do it, young and old, men and women, well equipped or causally equipped, all made it. You must have enough water and pace yourself. For most people, it is 2 hours up and 2 hours down. It is an extremely popular hike for the locals, so there will be people. It is unlikely that you will be lost if you just follow the trail. I did find a few cross-roads to be somewhat confusing at times and wished I had a guide at the moment. But I managed to make it to the top. You are rewarded with an unparalleled view of Seoul. 
Unforgettable hike!
This is definitely the most exciting and challenging hike we have ever done so far. We went for the highest peak which is the baegundae peak. Perhaps we were too ambitious. We should have went for lower peaks rather than the highest.It started off easy but along the way it gets tougher and harder. We were actually on the right path until we reached this intersection where we did not know which way to go as there were no directions given. We saw a group of locals and we asked them for direction. However, according to them, we were taking a longer route to reach baegundae peak. They advised us to take a shorter route by asking us to follow them. We backtracked for about 45 min and finally reached the route which according to them supposed to be the shortest and fastest route to reach baegundae peak. However, they did not warn us that this route is for advanced climber and we are obviously not advanced climber.We followed the recommended route and soon the route gets really tough with steep rocks path where we have to literally climbed with our arms and pull ourselves up with the help of steel cables. My fiancee is definitely not up for this but she tried her best to do it. Even I find this route really tough. We feel like turning back halfway but we wanted to get to the peak. Each time we took a break along the way, we looked up and what we saw was just rock paths, nothing near to the peak. The climb seems forever. While taking breaks, we get to meet some locals and some offered us food and drinks. It's really nice of them. Finally, we reached the last checkpoint which says 300m to baegundae peak.The last 300m to the peak was the toughest and most dangerous route of the entire hike because the slope got really steep and slippery. Steel cables are available for support but it requires a lot of arm strength to pull ourselves up which my fiancee has difficulty of doing so. We endured till the last stretch of the route to the peak which was extremely steep which my fiancee is unable to continue. I can tell she was very scared and due to safety reason, we turned back down. Going down was not as simple as it sounds too as it seems like going down is even tougher than going up.Finally, we reached the baegundae info center and we were so relief that we made it down safely. At this point of time, we were extremely hungry and tired. We approached the info center staff and requested for her help to call for a taxi which came after 15 minutes. We went straight back to our hotel.Altogether, we hike for 7 hours, 4 hours up and 3 hours down. I read online that some people only took 4 or 5 hours up and down. We even missed our lunch. We only ate some snacks along the way. I regretted not bringing more food for this hike. We were slow but we completed the hike safely which is the most important thing.My advice is do not attempt to climb this mountain if you are a novice climber like us. This is definitely not for faint heart as well and please bring more food! Our last overseas hike was at Hong Kong's dragon's back which was so much easier than this. Dragon's back was like nothing compared to this. Please do more research and be more well prepared with mountain climbing gears if you really want to climb this mountain.Lastly, I gonna say the view from the top was simply breathtaking but it can be dangerous if one was to fall while climbing. Overall, it was an unforgettable experience which we will remember for the rest of our live. I am glad we made it up and down in one piece and I am really proud of my fiancee who has stepped out of her comfort zone for this hike. I know she was very scared at some points of the hike but she endured the entire hike without any complaint.
Amazing Park!
We went down there on a Monday (all information desks were closed) so you just have to start walking. I think there are a lot of easier ways to get to the top (see pictures) but it was amazing. It took us about 2,5 hours to get to the top. only saw a few locals during the hike. Not one tourist we saw during the hike. ( we started from the main entrance, see picture) and just started to walk. if you are not able to climb rocks, get up and down by a rope don't go this way! but if you like some adventure....this trek is amazing!really loved it! and the views are amazing! No information in English during the hike, so you have to go by yourself (but follow the path and you will be fine)
Superb views
The Seoul City wall goes straight through this park. This is a military zone, so take your passport and get there in plenty of time. Some parts are steep. All the great views have a sign saying no photographs. What a shame. A great day walking.
Not for the faint of heart
We went to Bukhansan mainly to hike. When I hiked it three years ago, I swore I would never do it again. It was a challenging hike. But then I went back the year after and again and again. The hike is challenging but enjoyable. I met so many people on the trail - professional hikers, students, locals, tourists and it's always so much fun to talk to them - about life, about hike, about Korea. The most rewarding part is reaching the summit. It's simply beautiful up there. I am not a professional hiker, not even amateur. But I have learned that I just need to take it slow, enjoy the people you meet, and enjoy the beautiful scenery.
Temples and tranquility
This park is a hiker's paradise, and I believe that it would be ideal to hike in the spring/autumn months when the humidity is lower. There are many different trails with varying levels of difficulty and the park is accessible by local buses. Very often you will come across a temple during your hike - very peaceful and amazing to behold on a mountaintop. 
Stunning!
We visited the Bukhansan National Park as part of a tour to get up to the Bukhansan monument. The views at the top are incredible. It's a robust hike but the view at the summit makes it well worth it. In short, well worth doing. It was one of of the main highlights of my trip!
Beautiful!
I took the subway to Dobongsan station. Exit left and followed the hikers to the park. I asked at the Information Center for hike suggestions and a map in English. Also filled up my water. Ample water stations and bathrooms. Very well organized park. I hiked to Madangbawi Rock. I loved it. Stopped at a couple of temples, and enjoyed the fantastic view at the rock. It was about 3 hours round trip taking my time and enjoying the experience. 
visit bukhansan. and do hiking! join us!(kakao; whygain86)
i usually go to bukhansan and other mountains near seoul with my friends.. there are so many different beautiful places and courses.. im not good at english but we have many experiences in hiking.. so if u wanna join us and share hiking experiece, that will be very greatful! if wanna contact us, plz give a message.(kakao talk; whygain86 --add friends)
An excellent hiking experience.
Absolutely wonderful. We went hiking there on a Sunday with dozens of locals and it was a great cultural experience!
One of my favorite places in Korea
Bukhansan is a beautiful hike and one of the hikes that first made me fall in love with hiking to begin with. If you live in Seoul or are just traveling and want to do a hike in the city, Bukhansan is definitely the best of the bunch, and it is one of my personal favorite things to do in Seoul.One great aspect of it is that there are multiple routes to the top, so you can do the hike in a few hours, or you can spend more time exploring the mountain's trails and peaks and make a whole day out of it. Whichever one you decide, you will not be disappointed. The contrast between the rocks and the trees make for astounding views of the mountain, and once you get to the top, the views are just as breathtaking.Signage to get to the top of the mountain is also plentiful. It's easy to navigate where to go, and if you get lost, you can always follow the horde of Koreans also making their trek to the peaks! Just make sure to stock up on water and snacks for the hike, and prepare for a great adventure. It's one that shouldn't be missed.
Most beautiful hiking site to see Seoul city!!!
It's very beautiful moutain near Seoul city dwontown.Bi-Bong(비봉) was best site to see the Seoul's sky line.It's not long route so that you can tour 1/2(6h) day tour.Starting point is I-buk-oh-do-chung(이북5도청). and You must ware the hiking boots.
Nearest hiking mountain from the center of Seoul City.
Easy access from all parts of Seoul City that takes an hour+ max. via Seoul Metro. Excellent place for Hiking & Climbing which is a suburban area of the Seoul City.
cannot belive that beautiful mountain is just behind the city
what about hiking in metropolitan city, Seoul? there is really beutiful mountain just in Seoul! on the top of any peaks, you can find beautiful scenery of Seoul! This is the one of the memorable stops in Korea! Eventough it was so hot weather but it was ok sine there are many trees making shade for us! On the way to top, I found a temple, it was beautiful one,too like Jogyesa in town, can see real monk,too^^If I had more time, I could go for longest course. Recommend to visit! Tips : you can see variety of course, so choose one on your level, and there's a course you can see the fortress of Joseon Dynasty
Magical views and Sneaky Temples
Bukhansan is another true South Korean Gem. A national park that can give you so many different experiences from it's endless entrances. It is a mountaonous paradise but inbedded in a city once you have entered the depts of it's beauty, you see a different world of nature and Buddist solitude. There are hundreds of treks that go from dry river beds leading to waterfall to steep mountain climbs to the most breath taking views. The odd buddist Monk dwelling a temole will pop up to give you a real insight to the life of these people. Wilderness is something to behild in Korea because no matter how high you go, a bottle of rice wine or a pop up cafe are never too far away. I spent many a
Amazing Hike!
What I thought would be an OK hike turned out to be pretty awesome! I planned to do a trail that was approximately 5.6 km long, however when I reach the gate the ranger recommended a different route to take that would lead me to visit the mountain peaks and several temples. I was spontaneous enough to agree on the route he suggested so 7 hours and 13 km later I was exhausted but soooo satisfied at the same time! The natural beauty of the mountain blows your breath away. The temples within the mountain are majestic and are visited by Monks from all around. TIPS: things to take with you that I wish I had brought along: extra water, food, toilet paper, extra pair of clothes, towel as you can cool down in the river pools, for those who don't like mosquitoes take insect repellent. NOTE: only attempt the hike to the peak of the mountain if you are in good health as it is physically challenging at some points and you could over exhaust yourself if you don't take your time.
Good experience. Use VIP tour company
Great. Would recommend 3h hike not more in hot summer weather. It's not an easy hike if you are not used to steep mountain with lots of rock. Chance was our guide. He was great. Korean sauna experience was ok, not great. Would probably skip if you have korean sauna in your hotel. Don't skip lunch with the guide. 
Nice Part but big
Difficult to rate because this park actually covers a very large area of northern Seoul. Nice walking paths. Families picnic on weekends. Used to be cleaner but seems Koreans are leaving more trash behind these days.
Great Hike!
We had a beautiful hike here one of the hottest day this summer. The view was breathtaking and the paths was great!
Beautiful views!
I would love to come here again! The views are spectacular and your fellow hikers will sure offer you some of their food!
Took Easy Trail
It was a great experience to try hiking in Korea. My Korean friend could not accompany me during our visit, but since we are not well prepared, he recommend us to take a route from Dobongsan Station. As we went on the weekend, we met lots of hikers along the way, so it is easily for us to find the way up. It was crowded but also very calming area surrounded with family, elders, and even couples during our visit on mid May. The weather was good, and we decided to got the map from the information office and took easy trail. But i have to warn all of you, it was not that easy even in Spring. You have to well prepared especially with great hiking Shoes since the path was slippery because of free stones. Many locals were well prepared, and most of them had trekking pole. At the first part of trail, we still can find families and young children enjoy their time near the river. As we went uphill, the chance to meet people even rare. Fortunately, The mountains filled with many temples where we can stop by, and take a rest. It took us 3-4 hours return to the entrance. Also 2 hours return way from seoul station. So it would take a day if you would like a hiking experience in Seoul
Good for hiking
Around 1 hour on the train from the city. It's really nice to get our of Seoul and see the suburbs and this national park. Most people there are prepared hikers, but it's nice just to go walk around and see some of the temples. There are a lot, but at the entrance you can get a free map, and ask for advise about which route to take.
Nice hike
View was nice from the top, and the trails were all nicely maintained. Could have had more English signs along the way, as there were a bit of confusions at some junctions especially at the part near the temples and the ranging station as we couldn't read the Korean. There were not much hikers as we were going on a weekday. It was only around 45 min from the city center and so was very convenient and accessible by subway.
Amazing view on top of the mountain
This place is suitable for nature lover, but bear in mind, please do wear appropriate clothes based on the climate/season you visit that mountain. I wore a winter jacket during winter, but still, the strong wind will make you freeze.
Amazing views and lovely hike 
This was a really good half a day out. But be careful I would only recommend you do the hike in good weather as most the track up is rock, stones and mud. There are two trails up to the peak a beginner/intimidate and an advanced both which a fun to climb and both have amazing views and temples to stop at along the way The views from the top are incredible but make sure you take some food and drinks with you!
Beautiful NATURE MOUNTAINS ROCKS VIEWS
gogogogogo Don't miss out on an amazing trek. Might be a little tricky for those who suffer from hights, but all well if you are with others. Join Meet up group Climbing in Korea, they organise lots! 
climb this mountain with locals
I visit Seoul and unexpected find this exciting climbing activity. I was a bit worry about the arrangement on the activity, as i don't expect to have this outdoor activity in Seoul, but my worry is gone when i reach there and saw my private guide. I meet him on TravoAsia.com which offer many special and unique activities in Seoul. The climb took a day, so prepare yourself for a day of workout. but the experience was really good and they all speck english. We meet some other travellers as well and end up eating dinner in a traditional restaurant nearby. It was very helpful when you join an activities with local. I strongly recommend that apps. Go check it out. Have a good trip
Long trails, suited for any experience level
Despite reading blogs online regarding transportation of bus and train, if you are staying in the northern part of seoul, just take a taxi as it is around the same price.Do check the weather frequently if you are coming, especially in the summer, as the terrain will be several folds harder if it does rain. If you arrive at the base and you see many other people there, you'll know its safe to go. Some routes may be blocked if there was heavy rain during the past few days. I couldn't see a waterfall because of that.Terrain wise, even though the route i took was rather long, seeing Wonhyobong peak and then Baegundae(highest peak @ 836.5m). Despite being relative beginners at hiking, the terrain is very manageable. There aren't any areas where you have to go on all fours to climb. Be warned though that the peak does look a little scary, but there are metal ropes for you to hold onto. Hiking sticks can be easily found near the bases and i got one for 5k won. It is a good investment imo.There are also rock climbing routes that seem well maintained.
family hiking
This mountain has various hiking trails. Our family of 5, including children aged 10, 8, and 4, hiked 3.2 km to Daedongmoon and back down. It took us about three hours. It was very enjoyable but not so easy for the young one. We hiked without hiking shoes and my wife ended breaking her converse walking shoes. For your best experience, hiking shoes are strongly recommended. There were a couple of running wells along the way. They were refreshing and safe to drink as well.
The most challenging hike I've done- gloriously beautiful!!
We started our ascent by 730am on a Sunday, there was a nice cool breeze and the shade of the trees covered us most of the way. By the time we were done, the park was super busy and we enjoyed the park before the crowds really hit. I LOVED the route we took up - it was a straight rock scramble for most of the peaks. I never would have found the path (our route for that matter) but our cab driver had just hiked it the weekend before so he recommended we start from the path we did (it was about 200 meters maybe from the Bulgwang subway station). We hiked up to Jokduribong peak first, it took us 25 minutes but we were pushing really hard. (Our can driver said it would take 1 hour). Being naive we thought this was it, but once we got there we looked behind us and saw the rest of the park. It was huge and we had a ton of time to kill so we headed for the next peak. With no map, no trail markers, we just kind of followed a few random hikers and the one trailhead pointing the direction. Thankfully that worked out for us! The next peak we hit was Hyangnobong Peak. Now understand that none of these peaks are SUPER high, but the change in elevation is pretty intense. You will hand over hand climb to the top of most of these peaks. Then we hit Bibong Peak and on to Samobowi (Rock). After Samobowi, we went to Seunggabong Peak and finally reached our summit at Munsubong Peak and down through Daenammun Castle Gate back to the Gugi Information Center. If we had taken the trail from Gugi up and done this hike backwards it wouldn't have been as pretty or fun. That trail is manmade and very foresty. It was more fun to hike up the rock scrambles and pull ourselves up via ropes and metal handrails. At one point, if we slipped we would have plummeted to our death. It was so fun! It took us 3 hours and 40 minutes, but we pushed hard with short few breaks. Absolutely recommend this route!!! I wish we had more time to hit the highest peaks in the park!!
Great experience, some planning required
Absolute worth the hike to the peak. Some planning required though, if you decide to go for public transport, there are apt descriptions on how to get there on google. Be prepared to change public transport at least two or three times if you are going there by public transport. If you're going by taxi, please remember to write down a phone number, or install a taxi app, to ensure you'll get a taxi when you're done. As getting a local taxi near the National park is very difficult.In terms of trip length etc, there are multiple paths and trips. Would recommend to go to the peak, but to take some detours to see local attractions (such as building and temples on the way). It is possible to take a different path up and down to the peak. We were told that getting up and down the peak would take 5 hours. We talked with some locals afterwards, which informed us that it was not unusual to spend as much as 9 hours getting up and down, with a lot of rests.If you are going to the top, pack stuff in a backpack, and not a shoulder bag. Also, bring some food and snacks, and minimum 1 - 1,5L of water per person (possibly more if its a really sunny day).In terms of other equipment, hiking shoes is not required, some good sneakers will do. If you have sensitive hands, you might want to bring some gloves for the parts where you have to pull yourself up alongside the wire fence. Bringing children below 10 years to the peak, is possible, if they have previous experience with walking and hiking in mountains. We had a couple of 8-year olds with us. But they had quite some experience from before.Also, make sure someone brings a map, and reads it. It will save you some hassle following and reading signs. There are however, signs everywhere, both in English and Korean.
Worth all the effort
Its almost 60 kms out of the city and you might need to take 2 -3 transport to reach the place. It's a trekker's paradise but not totally out of reach for others. Yes the last 1 km is quite steep but once you reach the top you will realize its absolutely worth. Better to go in the morning so that you can reach on the top by lunch...take rest and back before 3pm. light clothes, trekking shoes and water. 
The best day you'll spend in Seoul
Head away from the city for just a day, and spend it hiking with the locals! (Weekends are best for spotting the locals in all their hiking gear, having picnics.)There are a lot of different routes to take, and none of them are particularly tough, so just try one of them. Once you get higher up, you will see the old wall and lots of guard towers/gates.We went on a Saturday, and it was one of the best experiences I have had. We went all the way up to some peak and the view of Seoul was incredible (you can really see how big it is). The best thing was probably on the way down when some of the Koreans started speaking to us and we ended up having a swim and some food/drink with them in/next to a creek.
Peak so beautiful 
The national park is easily accessible via a train from the city then a bus afterwards. Quite a tiring hike but definitely worth it because the views are all around from the peak. :)
Hiking they said, it will be fun they said
So, got persuaded by friends to hike up Bukhansan. Seems easy on paper to say the least, but that's what they said about Calculus too. Journey to the park itself was pretty manageable and accessible. There was a kind soul handing out free packets of wet tissue near the park entrance too, good start. Slowly realised we were so so ill prepared for the hike. I was in jeans, two of my group were in berms/shorts. We wore running shoes, where traction was not a guarantee in the terrain. And that's not a good thing. Local folks had like hiking shoes, hiking sticks, proper hiking outfit and they were struggling alrdy. Just imagine how we did it without those. Kudos to us indeed. Views were spectacular at the peak. Felt great when u can take a short nap at the peak after the arduous journey up. Then slowly come to the realisation that what goes up must come down. Yup, u would need to take the same route down. Some sections of the hikes are really steep and hardly have any steps or rocks to step on. U just need to grind on the sole of ur footwear and hold on tight to the metal ropes along the way. TL:DR - if you like to take in some fresh air, enjoy some scenery of Seoul at the peak, have a good workout, hike up Bukhansan. If not, stick to reading reviews and start convincing ur friends and urself to go visit Myeongdong instead.Oh, do bring loads of water and some snacks up. Great to have a picnic up there. Wished someone told me that earlier sigh.
Fun hike
We, going very unprepared, picked the route for advanced hikers and had great fun. There were many shops / stalls selling hiking gears and food at the bottom of the mountain and you can get prepared there. It took us 2 hours to reach the peak. At the beginning the route was very well paved and easy to walk. But as we go up the road has become sandy and slippery. I recommend wearing proper hiking shoes / boots if you plan to get to the peak. There were big trees on the side for most parts of the path and it helped block the strong sun light. The view was great and it was worth the muscle pain that followed haha.
Great Trekking, Massive Workout
If you head there on a clear day, you would be able to see some spectacular views. Unfortunately, there was a bit of an overcast when I went.The treks are all clearly labeled, so you won't get lost. I hiked up to Daeseongmun and Bogungman which is where the ancient fortress wall is. The roundtrip took about 3 hours to do, well worth the hike and definitely a great workout!
A fun climb with great views !
Great park to visit with local hikers of all ages moving at a quick pace.Easily accessible by taking the subway to Dobongsang station.Bring good hiking shoes,light garment and enough water supplies since you will most likely sweat it out on the climb !The hikes are mostly moderate to intense and none require special skills or climbing experience but couch potatoes may consider excessive..
One of the most beautiful areas around Seoul
Due to it's closeness to the city, it's a popular weekend getaway destination among locals, as well as expats. We didn't actually walk through the trail but the surroundings are amazingly beautiful, you can get one of the best views of Seoul here. There's a few temples scattered all over the mountain, which is always a delight to visit. The nearby district has a small town feel to it, at the foot of the mountain you can enjoy a cafe at one of the tourist catering places/eateries. The park is extremely well-maintained, all in all, it can be a perfect choice for a quick trip out of Seoul as well as for hiking, obviously. Totally recommended!
Worth the pain
My husband and I who are both in our 50's and our 17 year old son decided to hike Bukhansan. We asked a staff to recommend a short trail, so we took a trail that is supposed to take 3 hours. Because of my bad knees and my habit of taking lots of pictures, it took us 5.5 hours. Needless to say it was difficult for me and my husband but not for my 17 yr old son. The view up top is just amazing even on a hazy day. The fortress wall and temple were a delightful bonus. Bring good shoes and lots of water specially on a warm day. There were a few spring water post (Thank God!) along the trail so if you ran out of your supply, make sure to look for them. 
Trekking 
Best of trail in Seoul.Panorama mountain veiw.Iong and short course trails.Wonderful and Amasing trekking. 
Stunningly beautiful area 
I love this park. I went on a climbing trip here and the area is just jaw droppingly beautiful. If recommend a stop by here for any adventure traveller, or even just for a Sunday afternoon hike and picnic. 
Fantastic hike 
Spent the day hiking, took a wrong path and got a bit lost, turned a 4km hike to a 12km one, fantastic views the whole way, friendly locals. Great day. 
Beautiful views!
The hike was moderately challenging. There are various trails to climb and peaks you can summit. It was pretty easy to find after getting off the subway- just follow all the people in hiking gear and if you get lost just say Bukhansan to a local and look lost and they will happily point you in the right direction. The views from the peaks were fantastic and the hikes take about 3-4 hours roundtrip. Bring a snack and water so you can relax and enjoy the view at the top!
TOUGH HIKE!
We're amateur-ish hikers and we decided to tackle one of the trails to get to the top. It was not easy (We've also hiked in Colorado, Peru, etc). Overall a very enjoyable hike though. The area around the mountain is nice with a nice mountain village feel to it. I would highly suggest going early to avoid crowds!THERE IS A VERY EASY TRAIN FROM SEOUL THAT TAKES YOU CLOSE TO THE MOUNTAIN/VILLAGE. DON'T BYPASS THIS.
A short hike and Geumsunsa visit
I did not hike all the way up Bukhansan cos I did not have hiking gear on. The area is peaceful and beautiful. I also visited Geumsunsa temple and attended a short temple life program. Hiking Bukhansan appears to be a popular weekend activity for locals. Come early to avoid crowds. 
Attraction list
I’m lucky able to visit this nice place even needed bit struggle to walk long. If you like outdoor activity this should be on list but if you like to enjoy peaceful circumstance this is not the right place for you
Dare to hike the dinosaur ridge!
The national park is beautiful. Some trails are easy, some exhausting - so something for everyone. Really astonishing is the trail which crosses the so called dinosaur ridge - because it looks like the stony back of a dinosaur. Really nice, but not really easy to hike. If you´re fit or sometimes hiking you can make it though. Not just for real pros.
Great place for birdwatching
Was in seoul for 5 days and arranged a trip here to see what I could see. Nice walks, fairly easy but steep at times up to some of the gates on the old fort. A massive park and really close to the city. Nice to see a place where apparently asiatic black bear, serow and leopard cat still roam. Saw marsh tit, nuthatch, jay, mallard, spot billed duck, magpie, flycatcher, and a nice surprise was a few Asiatic chipmunk. Really nice place. However, be warned: lots of hiking enthusiasts that are dressed and geared up for Everest listening to their music really loud from phones! Crazy, was a fairly warm day, we were in jeans and tshirt and trainers, these people were wrapped up in winter gear, hiking poles, felt like an amateur! So you definitely won't be alone here. But lovely none the less.
hike combined with a temple stay at Geumsunsa
I very highly recommend the temple stay at Geumsunsa, which is right along a path up the mountain. On a lovely two hour hike, I only saw two other people. The view from the temple is astounding.
A great hike. A bit dangerous at times!
You have to do this -- it's gorgeous. But know that some routes have, say, a chain or rope that you have to use to get up/down, and even when you get to a top point, you still hear the city/traffic sounds, which is odd.
A tough walk up, beautiful scenery
Spent a day walking up to the Dobong Peak, it was pretty hard but local seniors did it, I should too! It was awesome scenery from 700 meters and walk down was easier :D There re easier routes too and you can always turn back. But definitely worth it!
Bukhansanseong 
I hiked to bukhansanseong (bukhansan fortress) which took me approximately 3 hours return. The hike was difficult but the amazing views at the top and feeling of accomplishment were worth it. There's a reason the locals all have hiking poles! There were a few small groups of people and a few other solo hikers. People stopped to say hello. I saw some locals eating a picnic at the fortress, I would definitely recommend that you bring food. Bringing water is also important, but there are springs you can drink from along the path as well.There are plenty of English signs to help you find your way once you are on the trail. You can also pick up an English map at the visitor centre located at the park entrance. Plan to spend the whole day here and dress appropriately - especially shoes. Admission to the park is free, they are open during daylight hours. I took the train to Gireum (subway line 4) and then the 143 bus. Follow the local hikers if you are lost.
Seoul's Wilderness
I love being able to get to the mountains in Seoul on public transportation. If you are up for a challenge, climbing Bukhansan is a great half/full day activity. I didn't plan my hike when I went, but I would recommend planning a route so you can get to the peak you want to reach with an efficient path. This is a strenuous climb so make sure you are ready to walk a few miles uphill/stairs. I went on a weekday morning from 7am and it was very quiet and peaceful. I didn't see more than 50 people during my climb. I think it's much more crowded on the weekends. Foliage in spring is a little sparse on the mountain, so next time I want to visit in Autumn when all of the leaves change colors.
Get your heart racing with a spot of exercise
A nice national park which was only a metro and bus ride away from the main city area of Seoul. Took us a couple of hours to make it to the summit. A word of caution, wear proper shoes and not casual shoes like I did. My husband proceeded up to the summit but I stayed back as it was getting cold, rainy and wet- a dangerous combination once you take the final leg up to the summit. I would do this again next time - with proper footwear. 
Baegundae Peak
I decided to hike this mountain all by myself. Getting to the base was easy. Get off at Gupabal subway stn then take bus 704. If you don't know where to get off, follow the other passengers like I did. Getting to the top was not easy for me as I'm not a hiker. Being all by myself did not help either. The view at the top was amazing! I think hiking Bukhansan would be even more beautiful during Fall season. I took the other way on my descent. You could hire a taxi at the base(2 km) to take you to Suyu stn but I decided to walk to the bus stop( i think it was Ui-dong Bus terminal, bus #120 or 153) then to Suyu stn since I was on a limited budget. My legs were sore for the next 3 days but it was worth it. 
Difficult climb but worth it
If you enjoy hiking, this is a great experience. My 12 year old son, two of his friends, my 14 year old daughter climbed, and I climbed to the Baekundae peak in early April 2016. It was a challenging climb but worth it at the top. You should go prepared, water, some protein, and ready for a nice climb. Be aware, the is a lot of hiking/climbing on rocks. While there are some hand rails and stairs in specific spots - it is not a maintained walking trail (like you find hiking to the Seoul tower). We went up on one side and down the other. Total time with about 30 minutes at the top was about 5 1/2 hours hiking. Children under 10 will find it difficult. You can take the subway, then bus - very easy.
Beautiful Park -- But Trails Were Not Well Marked
I had a wonderful day. But I was lost several times. There were no signs in English and I quickly lost the trail I intended to hike. But the scenery was beautiful and the first temple I came upon was stunning--with those iconic, jagged cliffs as a backdrop. 
Mountain range in the middle of Seoul
Huge national park in the middle of Seoul. Well worth a day trip. Plan ahead, there are several peaks to climb and temples to see, so you should now where exactly you want to go. Easy to get to, usually involves a ride on the underground followed by a short bus trip or walk. Different paths laid out depending on personal fitness. Beautiful and calm.
A nice family outing
The trails are easy to follow and well worn in. The mountains are a nice break from the congestion that is Seoul. The temples within the park are interesting. Avoid going during the weekend. Koreans like to hike and they go by the droves. 
Beautiful views...not for the lazy
This is an amazing place and we absolutely loved our day here. We decided in advance of arrival to climb up to Baegundae Peak, the highest point in the park. Since we're Colorado natives and frequently climb 14,000 foot mountains back home, we assumed a 2700 foot peak would be an easy/casual climb. However, what we didn't know if that there are at least two entrances to this park. We ended up on the "harder" side of the route we had planned. Unfortunately, the Information Center was also out of maps when we arrived, so we only had the little bit of information we had researched ahead of time. I recommend printing out a map ahead of time from the park website just in case you get there and they don't have maps left.From the entrance to the park to the top of the peak was a constant climb. Approximately 4.6km and nearly straight up. Most of the trail is rocks and steps until you get near the top. Near the top it's massive rocks with limited foot holds and cables that you will absolutely need to hold on to in order to pull yourself up. We went on a weekend and it was incredibly busy, but the people were very nice and even with two-way traffic up and down, we were able to hike at our own pace. Be sure to bring plenty of water and snacks as it is a long hike up.On the way down, we found the route we had originally researched and planned. It's less than half the length of the trail we took up and it was a lot less steep. We took the shorter path back down. It was an easy trip down and we soon arrived at the parking lot. You can wait for a taxi or take the shuttle down the hill. We didn't want to wait, so we walked down the road for about 20 minutes to the bus stop. There were plenty of restaurants and outdoor gear shops on both sides of the park if there's something you need. I definitely would bring/buy trekking poles. It would have made our trip a lot easier.
Long Hike
My family hiked to the peak, it is a very long and time consuming hike, it took roughly three hours for the ascent. The trails are hard on your knees and at points it can be VERY dangerous, as at the top, it is all sheer rock at a very steep pitch and you rely on holding onto a cable with your life. It is a great trip to make. I'd recommend it.
It doesn't mean the mountain from North Korea
I went to the Bukhansan through Bogukmun st.I'm not good at hiking it was enough to see many locals especially Ajummas.It's not easy to imagine there is a huge national park in Seoul.
Well maintained park - Don't get lost, and Avoid crowds
This park is well maintained and worth a visit. Two tips: be wary of crowds on the weekends, and get a map or local friend to avoid becoming lost. Bukhansan has a variety of trails available, most of which are worthwhile. Koreans love hiking, and traffic can be bumper-to-bumper on weekends, so I recommend going on a weekday. 
Fantastic view!
Initially I plan to hike the Bukhansanseong Fortress Course.However, information from Bukhansan National Park main website is not so informative. I just follow some hikers and I ended up at Obong Course instead of my initial Bukhansanseong Fortress Course.The Obong course was more tough than I expected, hence, for those who are not prepared may like to reconsider.The view at Yeoseongbong peak and Obong peak is really superb!It make you feel on top of the world.I was a bit lost going down the mountain.Fortunately, I met my survivor, Mr Jung. He and his group of friends offer to show me the way down to the park entrance and direct me to the nearest subway.If wasn't for Mr Jung, I may take very long time to go down the mountain.It was a very great experience!
Nice view at the peak
A lot of locals go there for hike. There are quite a numbers of routes, be sure to ask the information counter before proceeding. Can be quite challenging if you are not a season hiker. However the view at the peak is worth the effort. 
worth it
Great hike. Took about 4 hours total. Great views of the city once you reach the midway point. it was a very rewarding hike. I don't think its safe to drink the spring water anymore. I heard an older gentlemen telling his grandson it was fresh spring water years ago but has since changed. Not sure so I would ask the visitor center next time. 
breathtaking
amazing hiking trip, lot of locals go there, but the views are so worthy, experience you can not buy, only walk for it
worth the hike but take it easy
There are couple of routes to get to the top. I suggest you ask the information center before hiking. Being brave and adventurous I hike behind a group of hikers and went up the most advance route. That was one of my biggest regret going the wrong route, I was not expecting it to be so hard. I did not even stretch and boy was I sore the next day. I literally couldn't walk up the stairs and it kind of ruin the rest of my vacation. It's worth it but make sure to take the easy route so you can finish it quickly. It took me a total of 6 hrs to hike up and down and a whole day resting the next day.
Good place for nature lovers
this place is amazing for hiking especially since its really close to the city and you can get there easily . once you get there you leave all the hassle of the city and you find your self immediately inside nature and fresh air. the roads are maped and it has good facilities 
Very tough climb but worth the visit!
I chose the easier course however it is still quite tough for me as an amateur hiker. I took 3~4 hours to finish the course and I was met with magnificent view. Do take a walk around if you do not wish to have any strenuous exercise!
Great place for hikes and views
If you enjoy hiking and national parks, Bukhansan is a MUST! Take the subway to "Dobongsan" then go west towards the main entrance. If you go on a weekend, you're sure to have a few Korean hikers to follow. I did the climb up to Jaunbong peak, which was challenging even for an experienced hiker if you take the most difficult route (including ropes, rock scrambling, etc), but there are plenty of options for varying skill levels -- easy to hard. After your hike, enjoy a meal and well earned beer or soju in the "hiker village" community surrounding the entrance. You can also pick up any gear you'd ever need here -- boots, poles, tents, gloves, jackets, and more. 
Beautiful, historical, close to the city
Bukhansan is fantastic. It's quite close to various parts of Seoul by subway and bus (the city has grown around the sides of the national park so you could hike across it and end in a very different area from where you started) and yet it is a grand, majestic and natural space.In terms of hiking there are some tough but perfectly manageable courses, the peak of Baegundae being the toughest. But there are also pleasant valley trails that are easy on the knees and pleasantly shaded by trees. A real highlight is the ruined gates of the old Bukhansan fortress wall, some of which have been restored. It gives an historic dimension to a natural experience. 
This was my favorite site in Seoul
I hiked here recently on a rainy day, and despite the inclement weather, this was by far my favorite activity during my visit to Seoul. As other reviewers have mentioned, if you plan to summit the peaks, you are in for a difficult hike. But what they don't mention is that the lower trails are easy, and in some cases even paved, and offer some beautiful views in their own right. I think that this free attraction, which is easily reached from downtown Seoul, is worth visiting for anyone, regardless of physical abilities, for that reason.To get here, take Subway Line #1 to Dobongsan station. It's 18 stops, about 40 minutes, from Seoul station. After you exit the subway station, follow the hordes of people dressed in hiking clothes through a market selling hiking gear and food to the park entrance, about a 10-15 minute walk. There, you will find a ranger station where you can pick up a map and mark out a route depending on your hiking abilities and the amount of time you'd like to spend there. The ranger who assisted me made a tremendous effort to help me despite a language barrier and my lack of knowledge of rain in the forecast later in the day. His patience was immense and appreciated. I decided to hike to Madangbawi (a large rock with some good views, it seems), which he advised was an easy hike. The bad news: the maps available at the ranger station are not very good. The good news: you will encounter many other hikers who can help you find your way, as I did. The wonderful people I met on the trail hiked with me to my destination and back. Total hiking time was about 2 hours and the views were wonderful. I would say that it's not an easy hike, more in the moderate spectrum of difficulty.A few mostly commonsense tips: bring your own water, and don't skimp on the amount; if it will rain, bring a raincoat and an umbrella; wear sturdy shoes with good traction; wear sunscreen and sunglasses in sunny weather; and bring food with you. Some hikers brought poles but I didn't and made it just fine.
Great hike not far from Seoul
Great break from Seoul CBD. Possible to get there by train - approximately 45 minutes and another 10 minute walk from the train station on arrival to the park entrance. Various different paths to choose from - some treks more strenuous than imagined but the view is worth the effort. 
Prepare for a meal!
Great view and not too far from Seoul. Walking up 1.5-2 km to take a break at the beautiful antique temple. Then go to the rooftop of the Seoul!! Best experience at Seoul. 
Breathtaking - literally
My friend and I hiked Baekundae Peak, the highest peak in Bukhansan, and what a trek it was! The park was easy to reach, just take a bus from the metro station. We thoroughly enjoyed the hike and the spectacular views, but it was probably the most difficult hike I've ever attempted. The trail goes from mild slopes to intensive stone steps to scaling sheer rock with the aid of a rope. Towards the top, everyone had hiking poles and chains on their shoes because the summit was icy. We were a little under prepared for the difficulty of the hike, but we persevered and the views were well worth it. I recommend climbing Baekundae if you enjoy an intensive hike. If you are looking for a casual stroll in which to snap a few photos of a view, Baekundae is not for you.
Great day hike in Seoul
Stayed in Seoul a few days and went to the top of this mountain. It will take around 4-5 hours and is well worth it. Very nice views from the top. its a bit challenging in spots, but not too difficult. We had beef rib soup at a restaurant at the bottom after the hike and then went for sauna and massages on Itaewon St. Very pleasant day in Seoul.
One of best Mt. In Seoul
If you love hiking but don't have enough time to explore other side of Korea, you must visit Bukhansan Mt.You'll love it for sure.
Hiking and views
Don't underestimate the time and difficulty level of the trails based on the appearance or age of the local hikers. These are steep trails (mostly shaded) with some rock-hopping in places. The views at the top are well worth the effort and it is a truly beautiful national park.
Wonderful Park for trekking
A lot of trekking options in this excellent park, near Seoul. I have done two hikes so far and I will keep on trying new treks.
Beginners to Advanced Hikers
Just a stone throw away from Seoul. The main road to the base entrance is lined with hiking stores and restaurants so even if you do not have hiking gear and equipment at first, you can buy some. Excellent sceneries, multiple peaks to hike and offers varied views.
Had one hard spot to hike
Went there with my professor from Uni and had a good time hiking. Nice view and has several different paths. Honestly, had a really hard time going down but was so ashamed when old ladies and men were constantly passing me.
Nice hiking place not far from Seoul
I went to the main peak, but there are plenty of other trails to try. The view was amazing and the hike wasn't too difficult. It took me about 40min by subway to get to the start of the trail. Many Koreans regularly go to this place and bring food to eat at the top, so if you're lucky, you can find new friends and have a picnic together. 
Breathtaking scenery, with various trekking trails to choose from
This was one of my best experience while travelling in Seoul. I travelled with a small group of friends and it was easy to access the park entrance. We hiked up to one of the lower peaks and spent some time at the peak to rest, talk and soak in the scenary. It's ideal to plan your trekking trip as there are several entrances to start from. Make sure you wear proper trekking attire and shoes as the terrain can be quite challenging especially nearing to the peak. And it's good to pack drinking water and some food to hydrate and nourish when you reach the several rest stops along the trails or even at the peak.
Nice views, satisfying climb, treacherous and icy at the top but glad I did it!
Went during the last week of December, up the route to the highest peak. The signs were in Korean mostly so we accidentally went up the intermediate - advanced route instead of the beginner route. It was very cold, and things got a big snowy and icy as we progressed. At the top, you are climbing up rock face. There are wire cables to haul yourself up and hold onto and steps hewn into the rock in some places. It was icy, and my friend who had worn runners which had hardly any grip could not get any traction at all in some places. I was wearing boots so I was okay, but there was a couple parts where we slipped and if we hadn't been hanging onto the cable we would have probably slipped off the side and fallen to either death or serious injury. I was glad I did it, but we definitely should have been more prepared. If you are going up in winter, bring gloves (that are able to grip cable), hiking boots or shoes with good tread (maybe ice spikes as well), a hat to cover your ears, and enough water and snacks for 6 hours. You need to be in recently decent shape, especially at the top where you need upper body strength to help pull you up. We started at about 10 and got down at about 4. There were many people also doing the hike, so we just followed other people from the station to get to the mountain and back, as per other trip advisor reviews.
Breathtaking Views
It was so nice to get out of the city and hike. We went on a really clear day and could see the entire city and some beautiful mountains. I would love to come back and go all the way to the top (We only did the gate route because we got there too late)
Must do for Trekkers
The five main treks of Bukhansan are all doable within 5-6 hours up and down for relatively healthy trekkers. Most beautiful is Obong Trek and most dramatic is the Bukhan Fortress route. You can get off the orange line subway at Gupabal for Bukhan Fortress route and Bulgwang for Obong route. Just follow the hikers dressed for Himalayan adventures!If you wish to do all of the peaks over some days, it is easy to find jimjilbang (hot springd with sleeping rooms) near all of the entrances to the park. Cheapest and most relaxing way to soothe tired muscles after the treksCarry bottled water and snacks. Wear sensible shoes!
Mangwolsa Temple 
Walking up to this temple and back is probably the highlight of my trip to Seoul. Beautiful, serene temple, and majestic views all the way. 
Excellent hiking experience, easy access
One of my favorite hiking places in the world. Easy access via public transit, loads of restaurants near the Dobong Metro Station, sweet views along the ridge lines and beautiful temples. If one even mildly likes outdoor activities, then this is a place that should be on the list of attractions if visiting Seoul. 
A bit of nature in Seoul, but crowdy
Want to find some peacefull place with mother Nature ? Don't go there :-)Although it is crowdy and really difficult to find peaceful hike there, this park is accessible by subway from Seoul (45min from center), easy walk (except for vertigoers). Count 3h on site for back trip to the summit. The view is extraordinary and you are in a park, so it is pleasant anyway!
Beautiful & picturesque views, worth the walk.
PROS: Best stop of my South Korea trip. Beautiful place. Hiked alone and enjoyed every moment. Every views were worth the snap. Baegundae Peak was beyond amazing. CONS: Long walks but you'll regret it if you're not going to put this on your itinerary in Seoul.LOCATION: 3/5PRICE: 5/5HOSPITALITY: 4/5ATTRACTIONS: 5/5
Was lighter in the past, but...
Back in the day, Bukhansan was only available to people, who knew, how to get there. Nowadays, everything is arranged: Transport to get ther, being there, finding places... There are telekommunication towers blocking the view and still...It is there, you have a good view, it is very nice, if you are early, etc. Do not miss one of the best views of the City!
It is amazing. 
It is very excellent snow trekking. I was reluctant to evaluate but many people want to go to the Mt. Seoraksan but too far so this Mt. Bukhansan is very good. Because it is inside the Seoul. You need to be well prepared: With emergency food, crampons, spats, Trekking shoes and clothes, lunch etc. especially in the winter. :) 
Great hiking place.
If you are a fan of climbing or hiking a mountain this is the place for them. Mountain is not that high and rough. And its national park cleanness will help you take a deep rest. 
great view
satisfy with the view, I use cable car to go up, not many people. I think bcos of weekdays. overall, really enjoy the trip!
Red and Gold
A hike through the park at the start of winter offered a kaleidoscope of colours, fresh air and unforgettable views. 
Great for hiking and spectacular view!
Can recommend to do hiking, its easy to find a starting point and then on the way there are always maps that show you the direction. Great view from the top.
Not that impressive
We took the Uiryeong-gil. It was recommend as "Nature Lover" trail. And it was supposed to be the peak of foliage, but not that impressive at all. I think the short climb to Seoul Tower at Nansan has better view.The trail is very easy. The website says that to take this trail ,one need to register in advance. However, I guess autumn is low season, so no registration needed. The trail took us around one and a half hour to finish. You get to see the 5 peaks.
Great hike, stunning view, experience Korea's loved hobby
Koreans love hiking. Feel local by taking on Mt. Bukhan. If you are diehard for the local experience, then take your lunch including hot soup and side dishes up the mountain too. Forgot some essential hiking gear? All you need can be found in the various shops on the foot of the mountain. Bukhansan National Park is immensely beautiful, with also a temple to visit if you take certain paths where you can do a temple stay. Most people want to reach the peak of the mountain however. And there is the possibility for extreme sports for daredevils unafraid of taking on vertical lines.I took a trail of about 6/7km from one side of the mountain to the peak and going down the other side. Hiking path is very accessible, though on some intermediate/expert levels it does include taking on steep paths for which you might need your hands for extra support, though there is no real hoisting yourself up involved. I was a bit daunted by the word "expert" since I never hiked before coming to Korea, but even 70 year old ladies took that trail on, so why shouldn't you? Do expect to feel your calves burn. There was a queue up to the peak of the mountain at the last bit to the peak, which was a funny interesting experience. Everybody neatly lined for the same Kodak moment. That view however was breathtaking and so worth it! All in all took me 5 hours.Excellent day trip!
Love this place!
Amazing hiking trails and some breathtaking views, paths can be easier or more challenging, depending on which you prefer. Watch out for 100 year old koreans who can about 5 times faster than a fit twenty year old!This is a beautiful chance to escape from the city, while staying in the city. Good in summer and absolutely breathtaking in winter (just bring crampons for grip...they sell them at the base of the mountain)If you like the outdoors and a bit of fresh air in your lungs then don't miss out on this
Incredible hills so close to city
Outstanding park, great views if no smog or fog. Clear sign-posting, useful to pick up map first though. Generally english signs at a reasonable frequency. Well maintained tracks
Avoid the weekend
I did this hike on a Sunday which proved to be one of my least smart ideas. It was so so busy, the last 50meters took around 30minutes with the queue, but other than that, I thought it was awesome. The views were great and the colouring of the leaves was beautiful. The hike was more challenging than I thought it would be and I would recommend boots. I did it in my sneakers and found it very slippery in places. Very good!
Breathtaking view
How to go: take the metro to Gupalan Station and boarded the bus 704/34 to the Bukhasan National Forest. Don't forget to bring water and food in case you may tried and need to refill your energy. Proper clothes and good shoes. Hiking to Bukhansan peak around 5 km. There're many Korean hikers on weekends.Suggest your guys go to hiking in Autumn. Very very beautiful view . For avoid climbing back in the dark you should come in the morning cause it's take time around 5-6 hours up there. Highly recommended escape from the city.
Climbing in Autumn weather
Was there a couple days ago for my first hike up to Begundae peak. Took the metro from my hotel nearest station to Gupalan Station and boarded the bus 704 to the Bukhasan National Forest. Detail Map of the various trails can be purchased at 1000Kwon at the Park Information Counter. I attempted the 4.2 km trail which was told to be the easy for beginners novice like me. There are street vendors selling food stuff that you can bring for a picnic lunch which I bought a sushi roll for 2000 Kwon. I bought a hiking stick for 6000 Kwon too seeing it as essential for the climb. The road leading to the start of the rocky climb was scenic in cool Autumn weather passing a few Buddhist temples along the way and including the West Gate of the Bukhasan Fortress. After the temple the real rocky trail starts and it was pretty challenging mid way as the rocks are not flat step and one need to be constantly focus on which step stone or crevices that could support myself to climb up the rocky mountain heaving a heavy back pack ( carrying an SLR camera with water) . Being a novice it was pretty daunting seeing many experienced climbers bypassing you quickly and jumping like jackrabbits to the top. I purposely planned to hike up on a Monday to avoid the crowd which was publicised widely. This gave me ample space to take it slowly and steadily to the top of the mountain. Instead of the reported 2 hours time frame I took nearly double that as I was awed by the picturesque autumn foliage along the way and took opportunity to enjoy the scenic moments and shoot pictures along the way. Coming down was a damper as my shoes werent so suitable for sharp rocky terrain but I managed to climb down rather carefully and slowly to avoid slipping and falling into the ravine! My knees hurt a little coming down but with rest it healed and I dare say it made my knees stronger now! 
Korean Hospitality and Breathtaking Views
This was one of my favorite things on my vacation to Korea. I recommend it for anyone who wants to feel like they are part of Korea and do things that the Koreans do. Like other travelers have mentioned, finding the trail was quite easy. Get off at the Dobongsan subway station and follow the herd of hikers. I went on a weekday and there were still plenty to find my way there. Be sure to stop in at the information center. The Rangers were so helpful and entertaining. They also provide a map that is in English with the major landmarks. This comes in handy to make sure you are on the right path once you head up the mountain. Shortly after setting off I was adopted by a group of hikers who I walked with most of the way to Jubong peak. The hike was of an intermediate level, not too hard (but I am a pretty regular hiker) and it was steep in some areas. After rain there could be some slippery portions so watch your step. They were not going all the way to the top but pointed me in the right direction to continue to the peak. On my way down I was adopted by another couple of hikers. They didn't speak any English like the first group but helped me find my way down and made sure that I didn't slip on all of the leaves. The views at the top were incredible and well worth the trek up. It was a bit chilly on top but felt great after the work going up. Definitely with the trip if you want to get into the natural beauty of Korea and away from the city.
Excellent, not to challenging.
Went on a weekday, although the there were still lots of people in the bus and a short queue there were not too many people. We went from Bukhansanseong to Baegundae peak. Good views and, as it is very developed, you don't need anything other than comfy shoes, water and maybe some snacks. If you have moderate fittness then this route will only take a couple of hours, but give your self more time as you will want to look around and there are lots of small detours you can make. We followed the advice given by others and went in the morning which worked out well as we got a little off the beaten track and climbed about, meaning we stayed most of the day. We also took bus 704 from Gupabal station. Looked like buses were very regular and both 704 and 34 stop at the enterance. Highly recommended escape from the city.
Innsbruck, Gangnam style
If you prefer to avoid tourist traps and would rather see what the locals do in their spare time, then this is for you. Other posts adequately describe how to locate the main park entrance gate from Dobongsan Railway station. You'll notice other train travellers all decked out in the latest hiking fashion. I'm told they are not so prevalent midweek, but on the weekends there was no doubt you were heading in the right direction. The main gate would not be more than 500 metres from the station. The short walk that can only be described as Innsbruck done Gangnam style. This area is worth the effort to see on its own. It is unique. The walk from the station is lined with shops and market stalls selling all range of hiking and outdoor gear. All you'll ever need and plenty that you won't. The locals obviously frequent these stores. I did the short loop walk as I arrived there to find it was raining, which caught me out. This loop is an easy walk, for anyone of reasonable fitness, of about 5.2 kms. It passes through natural forest settings and past a couple of Temples and their gardens. This walk is well sign posted and could be easily navigated even without knowledge of the Korean language. I'd recommend doing this walk early. Aiming at getting back to the entrance gate around 11-12 o'clock. Then sit back for something to eat and watch the endless parade of happy locals pass by you. A highlight of my trip.
Highlight of my trip!! Must go here!!! 
I suggest to go here in the morning. We went here after lunch. We went through different mountain peaks ands its amazing!!! wear a proper hiking outfit, hehe. Cus i just wear a casual one. and.. You know, we are still on the mountain top at about 5pm and it got really scary to be trapped above! Thank God! There are hikers who helped us go down before sun down! But its a great and memorable experience Overall! 
amazing trail
very nice trail, better in a clear day. back and forth with a break of 30 min on top can be done at 4.5 hour. 2 liter of water is enough + some energy snacks and fruits. transportation: Gupabal Station (Subway Line 3), Exit 1.Take Bus 704 bound for Bukhansanseong Fortress (북한산성).Get off at the Bukhansan Mountain entrance bus stop.great view from top!
Amazingly beautiful!
Best views! It's a serious hike to the Baegundae Peak! We took the Bukhansanseong Fortress Course up but ended up taking a different path down. Bring food and water as there will not be any chances to buy it after you leave the entrance. Also in the autumn you will want to layer your clothing as it will be hot as your hiking up but cold at the top!And recommend going on a weekday otherwise you'll have to contend with thousands of Korean hikers.
Totally amazing for hiking lovers!
It is very crowded, but it worth it! Take a trip to Baegundae Peak. It is the highest mountain at Bukhansan. The view is amazing. Not suitable for small kinds, the trip is is in some places very advanced. Take good shoes and food, u can eat at top of the hills. It is 800 ascendence of 5 km.
A view like no other
It is a free attraction and is very popular in Seoul. To avoid the crowd, we went for an evening hike. I would not recommend doing this to everyone as it is a little bit dangerous due to the darkness. However, the view at the top was breathtaking. There was beautiful Seoul at night on one side, and darkness on the other. An experience we will not forget!
take time to go there, you wont regret it
30mm by metro from downtown, I went there 20 times over 5 years. I took many foreigners there and everyone enjoyed it. Plan your trail, with water, food and good shoes. You can buy all at the bottom of the trail. Go see the 1000 Buddhas and enjoy the experience, or for the most adventurous, climb the highest mountain (BaeKumBae) in Seoul and see a breathtaking view of the city
Hiking with locals
A wide range of hiking routes at different levels. Easy access by public transportation like metro and buses. Clear signage and map along the path. You will see how Korean love hiking.
Highlight of my trip to Seoul
We love hiking and do a lot in Hong Kong. So baegundae peak in this park was an absolute must. It took us 5 hours in total. So be ready to spend half a day there. We started from the Jeongneung Information centre. Before you get to the information centre, get your snacks and water. There is a lady on the main street who will do you coffee and we also bought boiled eggs. She is on the same street that sells all kind of mountain and hiking gear. Take gloves, you will need it. Make sure you have enough water, fruits and snacks (no littering, so a bag to put your litter too). The information centre has a map in Korean. But you can ask them to pinoint the various points (gates). We did the following route - Daesong Mun Gate - Bogungmun gate - Daedong Mun - Youngammun - Baegundae peak. 4 hours to the top, more time if it is crowded.The climb is challenging but magical. Try to stay on the well trodden path. You can get lost if you leave the trail. We had a Korean guy who kind of adopted us. He didn't say much but just walked with us. All we knew was that he was going to Daesong Mun gate. But he decided to walk with us upto B. gate. We shared our snacks with him as he revealed some look out points with us. Walking along the fortress wall to Bog....Peak has amazing views, but it is a stony path. I have runner's knee and that didn't help especially going down ( I really had to watch out as my next marathon is only 2 months away). But spectacular panoramic view of Seoul from Bog...Peak. Then it is an undulating climb, fairly easy but once you cross Youngammun and there is baegundae challenging your spirit. here you are clambering onto flat granite rocks, holding onto steel ropes (that's why you need gloves). IT is a challenge so worth conquering. It is steep so just be cautious, move your body forward and heel down. Just climb. At the peak, the views of Seoul are magnificent. We were there on a particularly perfect hiking weather day - blue skies, clouds and no humidity. Just perfect. At the very top, you know it was all worth the 836 metres you just climbed! Make your way down and depending on the time, you can choose the route you want to take back. We arrived at the Ui DOng side where there is a temple. The temple bus will take you down to the main street to further catch transport.If you love the outdoors and hiking is your thing, this is a must
Breathtaking view
It was my first time hiking a mountain , thus it was a great challenge.The steps get steeper when we were reaching the peak and climbing down was tedious. Luckily we met a helpful ajusshi who helped us navigate the way .Other hikers were cheering for me when I looking worn-out. There's a small stream at the end of the trail, we soaked our strained feets in the ice cooled water was relaxing ~
Fresh air and natural splendor right in Seoul
Beautiful hike can be had right within Seoul. Park is densely wooded and a moderately strenuous climb should one choose to ascend. Allow several hours to include a good hike.
Seoul is also about nature!
having been to seoul a few times, it was great to do an activity outside the city. The walk along the fortress walls was one of the highlights of our stay. do your research about how to access it and take your passports as it is a security area and you have to sign in and out of the wall. 
Nature at its best
Wonderful nature! I love hiking in the mountains around Seoul. There are literally hundreds of little trails snaking through the mountains and if you go with your gut it can bring you to some amazing sights The air is clean, the birds and nature is loud around you and it is not busy on a weekday.
Great place to visit!!!
In Uijeongbu for a short time? You have to visit Bukhansan National Park and take a hike up to the summit. From Uijeongbu Station it's a short 15-min ride to Dobongsan Station. As described to me, "step off the train, exit Gate #1 and follow the ajummas and ajussis in hiking gear". Literally. No hiking gear? Don't worry, you can get the items you need at a decent cost ($-$$$) on the way. There's an extensive market area before you hit the park entrance. The views are breathtaking, lots of photo opportunities. There are at least three temple areas that make spectacular photos. If you can, get Mr. Koo to give you the introductory brief. A challenging hike or climb. Well worth your time.
Accessible and a place for great workout
Did my hike today. This is one of the more accessible mountain from the city. I reached here by taking the metro to Gireum station and bus 110B till the last stop. Just follow the koreans professionally dressed in their hiking attire and you wont be lost. A pity the map at the beginning of the entrance is written only in korean. It wasn't detailed enough on how the exact route to take to reach baegundae peak. Hence, it was pretty much guesswork most of the way. Along the way, stop by for a breather and to snack. Some of the local people even offered us food and they were also very friendly. Good to trek with some friends so that you wont feel lonely. Overall, a great workout. It is also very clean mountain as people take their trash along with them instead of throwing it everywhere.
Saturday in September
Went with a couple of friends. As everyone else stated, it takes a couple hours to get to the top but wow, is it worth it!! On the steeper portion of the climb/hike there are staircases and cable rails to guide and assist your momentum. Well worth the sweat. I would gladly do it again. Take a lunch and plenty of water for the hike up. You can relax at the many flat spots for lunch. There is a small store on the way down the other side that sells drinks, so you're not in land of the lost by any means.
Challenging but very rewarding
I went here during the week as I heard there are many people hiking at the weekend.It's very quiet and the air is way better than inside the city. You can even see some animals like squirrels butterflies and birds.Sometimes there are rocks you have to climb on ot walk over.The way is very steep at times so you need good shoes especially when climbing down again. I wore sneakers and were sliding around a lot.Also take enough water with you and something to eat as -depending with route you take- there are no places to buy stuff.It takes about 2 or 3 hours to be on the peak but the view there is simply amazing and a nice reward for the hard work climbing to the top
Free weekend in Seoul? Go hiking in the city!
Easily accessible by metro (+a short walk), this park is a great place to hike. Take the map at the start and use it along the way if you want to make a change from the recommended route. I suggest reaching Dobongsan peak and from there hike along the Podea ridgeline if you have time. There are some cables to use on this ridge but you can bypass it if you want (in fact there is a sign recommending tourists to take the bypass. The hike up is full of stairs and in summer it is very humid so make sure you take enough water with you (and maybe a towel because you're going to sweat a lot). There are signs on the way indicating number of kilometers from place to place. When I hiked there the view from the top was very hazy, I hope you'll get a clearer view - enjoy!
Amazing hillside walks...
We came here by mistake.. insufficient instructions to the cab driver. The mountains are beautiful and we arrived to hear chanting at several of the Buddhist Temples. The temples are beautiful, done in teal, blue, red, pinks.
Great nature almost in the city
Such a great forest, easy to reach from the city center. Offers loads of hiking possibilities and mountain climbing! 
Take the expert route for a real challenge!
I climbed the expert route and it was very tough! like i have never sweated so much in my life, but once you get to about 500m, you can get to the different peaks very easily! bring lots of water!!
Like stairs?? This is the place for you
We had a good time and getting here was easy enough. But we climbed stairs for and hour and a half for underwhelming views. Nice break from the city, but meh.
Great views over the city
Requires a certain level of fitness, and the signs get less English the further you venture from the start. The Koreans who were the only ones we saw on the walk roam all over the mountain, so try and remain on the widest most used path. The higher up you go the more spectacular the views become, so if you have the time go to the top, which considering the stops for photos can take between 2 to 3 hours. The path does rise up and down and at places you will find wooden steps to help your ascent, but be warned at times you will have to make your way over boulders. Closer to the top you will find the remains of the old forts that use to watch over the valleys, which give commanding views of the city. Take water and food with you as there is none available on the route, and you will be hungry after the climb. Overall we found it an enjoyable experience and would recommend it for anyone if they like hiking, if you don't please disregard this review. 
Go Hiking!!
I like this Mountain. You can choose many different trails, and each trail has its own beauty. Check out some traditional Korean food while you making your way to go down.
An Escape from the City
We took some time to hiking the trails on our trip to Seoul, and it was well worth it! It is very serene, it is hard to believe you are so close to the city. A must see if you love the outdoors!
Very good!
Really ice, with great views and photos. The drive up made you feel a bit sick though. I really enjoyed it. I would recommend going there.
Go for a swim
Amazing place for a hike, get away from the city and after a good rain many sport you can go for a swim in the mountains. At the end of trail many restaurants to enjoy traditional Korean cuisine.
Beautiful!
This is worth the hike! If you're on the fence about climbing a mountain, I encourage you to go for this one.The only complaint is that I needed to use my inhaler halfway up. :P But that's on me, not the mountain! I met a couple of kindly older gentlemen and we shared a picnic under the trees at our highest point of our trip.Great view of Seoul!
Great hike
wonderful hike, lots to see and a great workout. Really a must do when in the area!Dont miss the chance to visit.
Polluted Heights
If it is your first time here I suggest climbing the tallest peak. Just get on bus 704 from whatever station is closest and walk through main gate, you will see the signs. It is around 4 km to the top.Entrance is free, there is no food or drinks to buy after the road is no longer paved, so bring enough water for 2-3 hours of hiking (there is a stream near the top that a lot of Korean people drink from, they said it was safe but I didn't risk it, especially with all the rubber smell from the shops you can smell).If you go at a good pace you will do this in 2 hours, plus the time you stay at the top. The rocks are slippery when wet so be advised. The restaurants and cafes around the base are overpriced, but I recommend Cafe 1%, the desserts were awesome. The base has around 20 different shops selling mountain climbing gear... pretty pointless, you could do this in flip flops if it's not raining... but 90% of the Korean people were all decked out for this short hike.The view at the top is so-so, which is why I gave 3/5. I prefer natural beauty, cities only at night. You couldn't even see the city barely because of all the pollution. Pictures of the surrounding mountains were also not good. It has been this way every time I've climbed here and Namsan, no matter winter or summer.
Bukhansan... Free leg day👟
Go to gupabal station and take bus 704. Then prepare to spend several hours conquering Bukhansan. The road was long so bring sufficient water; 3-4 Liter should be adequate. The forest walk was uneven and full of rocks and dirts and remember this: climbing is tiring but it is less risky while descending down was easier but more dangerous. The mountain hike is the grand finale of the trip as you can see Seoul clearly from the top. Bear in mind that you need to be extremely cautious near the peak as there is no proper place to step but they do provide us with ropes to grab on into.prepare your camera as the view either at the top or in the forest are both worth the taking. Don't rush! my friend sprain his knee when he slipped on our way back.P.S. You might want to consider carrying extra ration or have lunch first before start climbing. remember there is no public toilet except halfway through the climbGood Luck!
Natural refuge from the bustling city
If you aren't so much a city person, you must go here to get away from the hustle and bustle of Seoul. If you are an outdoorsy person, but don't have enough time for one of Korea's many gorgeous national parks, then this is a nice alternative, just a short bus ride from Seoul.From the Bukchon Hanok village, we took a bus up to Bugaksan mountain. From the bus stop, it is a short hike until you reach the old city wall. While not as impressive as the Great Wall of China, it was still an impressive wall that followed the jagged mountain tops and encircled the city, and offers beautiful scenic views and great views of the city. Because there is a military area somewhere along the wall, they check your IDs at a certain point. This place closes at 3 pm so make sure you go early enough to get through the gate at 3 pm. In my opinion, best to visit in autumn when the mountains are red and orange, but I'm sure its beautiful all year round.
Great way to spend a day
It is not banff or anything however to be able to find such a place in the bustle of a busy city like seoul can be truly refreshing. A great contrast from all the shopping and city life, to be able to be outdoors and enjoy nature. There are some fantastic views. Be prepared to walk and ascend fast. Take your time if you are even slightly out of breath or out of shape. 
Beautiful and scenic
There are several different paths to hike so I highly recommend you look into thr paths first to determine which level is for you. The beginning paths are nice and paved and at a low incline. As you get higher up some paths leads you through rough rocky path ways that could be a bit dangerous and definitely physically straining on those who arent use to hiking. Dress appropriately with running shoes and and bring lots of water (there are places in between where you can buy small bottles of water as well but once you get higher up and the trail gets rougher, theres no water avail). Many older koreans seems to go through these trails alot but are fully equipped with walking sticks and etc. Going up its very scenic and the tall trees offer you shade so its not too hot even in the middle of july. Hope everyone enjoys the view!
Amazing Place! Nice People!
Last November 2014, my friends and I went on vacation to Seoul, Korea. I decided I wanted to hike Bukhansan National Park because it is the most visited scenery in Seoul. I have never hiked a mountain solo, but none of my friends wanted to come with me. But that wasn't a problem at all! I learned that Dobongsan gets a lot of visitors even on weekdays so I wouldn't really be by my own self. I met a lot of people on the way up, a couple of "ajussi" who kept me company in the most difficult last 1 kilometer, and an "ajumma" from the temple who offered me kimbab and coffee and how can I forget "abeoji" who was really nice to drop me off at the subway station. Korean hospitality at its best! How can I forget those Korean ajummas and ajussis in their full climber outfits! I felt under-dressed! Overall, it was a very relaxing experience. I love nature and it was the best part of my visit to Seoul.
Beautiful
Beautiful and exhilarating hiking. Quick and easy way to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city.
Get out of the jungle and into the forest
This is one of the most memorable things that we did during our visit to Seoul. Mr Koo the park ranger at the entrance is one of the most energetic and helpful guys I met in the whole of Korea. He gave great instructions and tips on which routes to take up the mountains and even offered to come personally in the 112 helicopter if we critically injured ourselves. The path up the mountain is pretty good and would be achievable for people who are not experts, despite the signs. I wouldn't recommend the very top for the less fit people, it takes a bit of upper body strength to pull yourself up the ropes/rails for the last 30 metres. At the top, the view is great. Overall our round trip took 3 hours and 40 minutes with some needed stops. The atmosphere within the park is quite good, although not as pleasant as some other hiking I have done in France and Australia etc. It was still a great break and you get a great fashion show of locals in full hiking gear sporting every colour of the rainbow.Take the metro to Dobongsan metro station and then cross Dobong-ro on the overpass and then pedestrian crossing and head south 100 metres and turn onto Dobongsan-gil. Follow this wide road past all of the hiking shops including Mountain Hardwear, Patagonia, Mammut etc. Keep going straight and you will eventually find the park entrance after about 1km. If you are hungry just cross Dobong-ro and go straight when you come out of the station, many BBQ places which was maybe not the best idea before a large hike.
2 hours up, great views
There are several summits that can be scaled. Accessible by metro. Dobong-san is where we hiked from, a major access point. 2 hours up for us as a determined middle age couple, one of who has never previously hiked. In July it was very sweaty and we drank 2 litres of water each going up, but it was relatively easy to head up with normal sneakers. You'll be sore the following day. Great views from the summit of Jaunbong.
Breathtaking views and great hiking place!
If you are up for a hike and want to see some awesome views, then you really have to visit Bukhansan National Park!It was truly amazing and I didn't expect anything.As I went there solo, I would recommend you to go there with some friends, which are not frightened by heights and are brave!It was quite rough to get up there, if you have no clue at all, but it was pretty cool.Must see, when you are in Seoul ;)
Hiking worth the while 
The trails are easily accessible and well entertained. Yes it's hard to climb to the peaks, but it's absolutely worth the while! The view is worth the while when you are up at the top! Absolutely stunning views! 
Wonderful!
We climbed one of th peaks and had a terrific view of Seoul. We meet a lot of Koreans on the way (not too many though, we hiked on a Sunday). It felt like we did something Korean, and it was definitely a nice change from the noisy city. 
A Total "Mountain Top" experience!
What an experience! My friend and I climbed Wonhyobong and Baegundae Peaks. The trails were amazing-difficult, but do-able for those who don't hike regularly. We met lots of cool people who seemed burdened with too much equipment, but it turned out they were right-it rained on us and they were totally prepared. Make sure to check the weather before going!We exited Gupabal station at Exit 3 and took the #704 bus until Bukhansanseong Stop (6 stops later) and then followed the trail on the left of the trailhead. Highly recommend this route to anyone willing to hike for 3+ hours and see some awesome views!
An amazing view that is worth the climb
This turned out to be the highlight of my trip to Seoul. A great way to enjoy nature and it was a good workout too! We took the metro and alighted at Gupabal station, then transferred to bus 704. We didn't have to worry about missing our stop because the bus was filled with local hikers all decked out in their hiking gear. Be sure to plan your route first before you start the hike, and look out for the signs which tell you which direction to go as there are multiple trails you can pick from. We ended up losing our way initially as we missed the sign, but we made it back to the entrance at about 3pm and began the hike up to Baegundae Peak, which is the highest summit at Bukhansan National Park. Good shoes, a lot of water and small snacks are a must as this climb is an arduous one! Definitely not for young children. Towards the top, we had to use the cables to pull ourselves up as there were no more steps. Just be mentally and physically prepared for the hike. The view is definitely worth the climb as you can see layers and layers of mountains on the horizon on one side and the city on the other. When we got to the peak, it was almost 6pm and there weren't many people. We took about 3 hours to get up.
Views!
Gorgeous views of Seoul and surrounding countryside. Also a really interesting hike featuring some historic Korean buildings. 
Very nice mountain
The park is easily accessible by metro and bus from Seoul and is a great day trip. There are several treks which you can undertake, for all levels of fitness. Obviously we went for the most challenging: Baegundae Peak - which is the highest peak. I understand that some people might find it difficult, there are some parts which are really challenging, but to be honest it's not so bad. The views from the top are excellent and we enjoyed a good Kimbap lunch (which we bought from the station). The descent can cause a few problems due to the many steps which can cause stress on the knees - a walking stick is recommended. Entrance was free which is always a good thing :)
Worth the hike
This mountain offers stunning views of the city and an example of Korea's beautiful nature. It's easily accessible by subway and offers a half day's worth of hiking or more.
Great hike and views
The main peak trail is harder to get to. Takes a while by bus. The peak on the north west is reachable by train. But to get an early start, my friend drove there by car. Trail very well maintained, but not much English signage. Hope u don't go the wrong way. It gets steep and rock after the first half. But at 700m of elevation gain can be peaked in 2-3 hrs. The air was very hazy when I was there so can't see much of the city.
Worth the sweat
Getting to the peak was not so easy but it was definitely worth it.Make sure you have water and snacks and bring your hiking gear if you got some.
The best view on Seoul
The climbing is a little tricky (wear proper shoes!) but is definitely worth to go to the top of the mountain and admire the view on Seoul city.
Bukhansan National Park
Great hike! Not too steep but still exhausting on a moderate to warm day. Perfect for the part-time/casual hiker. Had some great encounters with some Korean hikers on the way up too. A few different routes to take but you can buy maps from the tourist center so there is no chance of getting lost. Views are nice on a clear day. Probably more scenic during the summer when there is more greenery. 
Great hiking in Seoul!
This was a really fun place to hike and get away from the craziness of Seoul. We hiked all the way to the top of the highest peak here, and it was definitely a challenging hike. Certainly doable if you are in decent shape, but expect a sweaty and challenging hike (especially if you go in the summer).The views from the top are great, and if you go during the week it isn't too crowded.
Great hike, not for beginners, and challenging to navigate if dont understand Korean
My boyfriend and I went to the park on a hot humid day in late June 2015. I loved the experience, and my boyfriend who is somewhat less into hiking thought it was great in retrospect but during the hike it was a slightly different story.A few tips/suggestions from our experience:TRANSPORT:We took the Subway to Mangolwosa stop. This was approx 75 minutes from Coex where we were staying. Its a long way from the heart of Seoul. We then walked (mostly uphill) to the entrance of the park which is about 10-15 mins walk.PARK ENTRANCE:There were no signs that we were aware of from the subway station to the park entrance. From the University end of the Subway stop, head toward the mountains on the main road, and if there are any turns in the road/bifurcations, head in the direction of the mountain. You will go under an overpass and then you will see a the volunteer office where you can get a map. There is no place at this entrance to register (that we are aware of) and they do not require your passport (we had heard we might need it so we brought them anyhow). There is also no entrance fee.TRAILS: (We hiked to Mangolwosa temple, then to the ridegeline, then to a stream, then back. Views were amazing. Hike was hard. Took us 3-4hrs round trip). Trails are not well marked despite there being signage a semi-frequent intervals. To get to the trail from the parking lot (near the volunteer office) to Mangolwosa temple you have to go along a short trail lined with small restaurants beside a creek. It seemed an unlikely start to a trail, but this is it. Bring your map. If you are lost ask one of the many hikers on the trail, and be persistent as no one will volunteer to talk to you as they are on a serious hike. Locals are decked out in expensive gear. In my opinion, if you are relatively fit, you dont need any special gear. That said, if you are not in good shape, this hike could be quite challenging. Also, if you have a fear of heights, there are parts of this trail that would be quite scary. OTHER TIPS:Don't leave too late in the afternoon as between water and snack breaks (bring plenty!) it will take several hours. Running shoes or hiking boots are a must.Mosquito repellant o bug spray would have been nice. They swarmed around us but didnt bite.Bring a camera- there are great views!We have heard that on the weekends, it is very busy. It was well used on the weekday when we went, but certainly it wasnt very busy.There are a few (not many) outhouses en route. You cannot buy any water or snacks on the trails. There are a few streams where you can drink the water (don't know how clean/unclean it is...appeared clean and locals drank it)
unique experience
Trees and plants never seen before. Beautiful colors and their shapes. Different part of world and its history. 
Close from the city center but isolated from the city
You can feel the nature of Seoul. It is located at very convenient place from the center of Seoul. You can view the surrounding area of Seoul and feel the history of Korea.
Awesome Place to Hike Near Seoul
If you're in Seoul and want to get out of the concrete canyons, head to Bukhansan NP. There are two mountains within the park - Bukhansan (North of the Han Mountain), and Dobongsan (Toaist Peak Mountain). Both are spectacular, varied, and can be climbed in a day. There are numerous access points depending on which route you choose. Personally, I prefer Dobongsan, as I have been up there more times than I can count and know it very well. The best place to access Dobongsan is from Dobongsan Station on the Seoul Metro Line 1. Exit the station, turn right, cross the main road and head up through the area of food stalls, restaurants and outdoor gear shops. Keep heading generally away from the station and towards the mountain (you can't miss it) and eventually you'll reach the park entrance. It's free to enter the park. Once you're in, you'll see a big map, and the trails are well signposted. This is definitely a place to come to get away from the 21st century, although at weekends there are painfully large numbers of Korean hikers, who dress very brightly, and make a lot of noise. If you want to escape them, try leaving the main trail when you see the first temple. Everyone else will turn left, but if you go straight on across the open gravel area, you'll be on a trail that fair fewer people use. It still leads to the summit, but you will have to tackle a few stretches that are quite steep and require the use of handrails - only do this if you are pretty fit, and do not suffer from vertigo. 
Big area to discover
This was an amazing experience. The visit to the peak, the temple on the mountains and the gate were totally worth it. It's a little tricky, make sure you don't get lost. Just follow Koreans they know where to go. Or try asking at trail intersections - lots of people go through someone sooner or later would be an English speaker. Make sure to bring a 2L water bottle per person. Yes, you will need at least that much! The hike is about 5 km up with the side trail and 4 km down.
Well worth the trip ....
Bus 704 takes you there, the journey is around 45 minutes and gives you sights of Seoul you may not otherwise see. The stops are given in English as well as Korean, but just get off at the Bukhasan stop, with all the other Koreans in their high - tech hiking outfits. Easy to find the main entrance from where you can take a small bus which takes you right into the park and visitors centre. I must have looked a bit lost, in no time some friendly Koreans took me under their wing and I had a great day hiking with them to a Buddhist temple. The walks range from very easy to strenuous and the views are breathtaking.
Awesome place for hiking
An awesome place for people who loves to hike. There are many routes to many peaks available with different difficulties. The routes can be pretty tough but the view at the top is awesome and definitely worth the effort. A great breakaway from the busy Seoul.
easy to get the top
i've heard korean usually climb mountain every weekend. it's in Seoul, so there are many people. at the top, you can see the one of metropolice city.
Great for hiking
Great view from the top. Mountains are a must see. Don't forget to wear the right shoes but don't be discouraged from the locals dressed from head to toe in gear. ( Korean style) At the top, it is typical to drink Makegolli ( Rice wine) and eat kimchi ( the square radish kind to be exact!) Makes the trip down the mountain easier. PLEASE use caution and be mindful/careful. This is a cultural norm but it doesn't mean you have to do it!
Get a true Korean hiking experience.
Hiking up Bukhansan is one of those things you should do to get a good South Korea experience. Hiking is the number one sport amongst a large group of (senior) Koreans. This makes that there are a lot of excellent hiking trails in Korea. The one to reach the peak to Bukhansan is quit easily accessible with the subway. A short busride after that will get you at the start of the climb. The climb itself is not too difficult although some parts are somewhat steep. Be prepared however that, since hiking is super popular in korea, and the fact that the trail is easily accessible, you have to share the experience with a lot of people. When you get closer to the top, you will be walking in a row. This however, is part of the experience in my opinion. The view when you reach the top is magnificent and worth the effort.
Quiet Beauty
Went mid-day on a Friday, so many trails! Hardly passed a soul. Perfect for a little getaway! Beautiful temples hidden all about.
The most natural amazing experience!
It was now one day before we were set to leave Seoul. We decided to join the fad and go hiking at the Bukhansan National Park. It was literally a day of leisure and relaxation. We obviously didn’t make it remotely close to the highest peak of the mountain, but it was a satisfaction in itself to say I was able to hike in another country. I was extremely proud of myself and my group for holding up so well. During the hike you’ll pass many waterways and also a ton of temples scattered throughout the mountain. Be very careful and watch your step.You can buy hiking gear prior to going up the hike.
Nice hiking close to Seoul
Bukhansan national park is perfect for hiking with a beautiful monastery on top of the mountain. After noisy Seoul it felt so good to spend a day in the nature and climb to the monastery with wonderful views around. It is easy to reach from Seoul for a day trip. 
Very nice and calm place to relax near the city.
Easy to get to, Buchanan Park offers nice hiking trails in a serene environment. After five days in the city, we decided to relax and go hiking. We decided on the longest route, circling clockwise. There were some peaks along the way which required steep climbing. It was so calm, with hardly anybody in the trails. Since it was a Monday, we money met seniors along the way. We did not complete the largest loop, but still hiked for three and half hours. Overall a very good workout. To get there, we took Bus 162 from our area in Insadong, which goes all the way to the park entrance. 
great landscape
i went there in may and it was great weather. it's a beautiful escape from the city. for sure the best thing in seoul to do during the day
Great view of Seoul and a fun Climb
I climbed to the top of Baegundae peak (the tallest one). It is a fairly difficult climb, similar to Angel's Landing in Utah with chains to hold on to up top. The view is great at the top. The bottom of the trail was very packed with old tourists everywhere. As soon as the trail got rough, it thinned out. (My climb was in the afternoon). You will know whether or not you can do the whole trail once it gets rocky. It is pretty steep. Would highly recommend this hike to most people. Skip this one if you are afraid of heights or aren't very quick on your feet. DEFINITELY NOT FOR SMALL CHILDREN. The sheer cliffs up top are scary, but thankfully have chains to hold on to. I am by no means a "climber", just a hiker and had no problems with this trail.
see seoul from a high point
we took a 20 minute train ride form the city centre and arrived at the country side (how convenient). From the metro to the initial park it takes 15 -20 minutes walk. Grab some food (kimbab) or some snacks along the way because there are no water stops or snack stations once you start the hike. Once you get to the park, there is a guide who will give you some recommendations based on the level of hike you prefer. The most "difficult", common hike people go on, takes about 3.5 hours, which is quite manageable, but its quite uphill and lots of stairs. But once you get to the top of it, its truly breathtaking, and you can spend half a day doing the hike! 
Most favorite Mountain in Seoul.
Bukhansan is one of the most favorite mountain in Seoul. There are many different ways to go. If you have enough time, trekking or climbing several courses. You can see the beautiful skylines and good view of Seoul City.
awesome place
its calming and great place to chill around. its kinda far from the seoul downtown, but its worthed to go there
Fantastic View
Did the longest trail for the hike as we alighted at the wrong stop hence wasnt very prepared for the hike. however we managed to reach the peak and all the hardwork was well worth it. It gets alittle tricky when reaching the peak but is still manageablE. there are alot of koreans and we did not see even one foreigner throughout the course. Away from the normal busy seo and into the nature it is a brand new experience indeed! Enjoyed it alot and is a good form of exercise after indulging for so many days! Better to plan it on second last day of the trip like we do as muscle ache is inevitible!
A step back in time.
Very interesting to see and experience how people lived in days gone by. Well laid out, landscaped beautifully, able to stroll around at leisure. We had fun sticking our heads through the cut out costumes and taking photos.
Beautiful
Took a hike up Dobongsan and was truly stunned by the sheer beauty that you can see from up there!! It's a stark contrast from the busy streets of Seoul. A true escape! I would suggest going later in the afternoon to avoid the throngs of hikers though! 
Mesmerizing
I went on this hike with a group of senior leaders in my organization. It was breathtaking "literally" as began elevating up the slope. The views of the temples and various statues of Buddha were gorgeous. Seeing the locals camp out along the streams made me appreciate the view much better. I thought to myself, if these old people can make it up these trails, I should have no excuse. We were limited on time as we only had a couple of hours to go as far as we could. My group took the harder trail heading toward one of the peaks. A day later, I must say my calves are kind of tight. All in all, I'm glad I went on this trek. Go see it for yourself if you get a chance!
Well worth it
We trekked from the Jeongneung Parking Lot/Information Centre (where you ca buy a map for 1000 won) to the peak (Baegundae, 836.5m) which took us 4 hours, and headed down in the direction of Buhkansanseong Information Centre which took us 2 hours. The walk up is difficult and steep, however were distracted by the beauty of the fort which you follow for much of the way. Highly recommended considering the views of Seoul you'll get at the top.
A fun hike
Decided to do something different than shopping in seoul. The climb turns out to be highlight of the trip. Journey there might take awhile, but the breathtaking scenery make up to it.
Amazing Scenery and walking trails
This mountaineous area of Korea is spectacular. The walking trails are numerous and cater for all ability levels. The cable car is a highlight but nothing can exceed the natural beauty of the whole area.The park can get very busy on weekends and during school holidays, although the size and variety of the trails means you should always be able to find a quiet area.
Dashing
The Bukhansan National Park, not done justice by photos, is a breath-taking landmark in the city of Seoul, Korea. The tour guides are friendly and open and the park has a unique and outstanding aura, drawing the eyes of thousands each day. The mountains, covered with thick and beautiful trees and infested with gorgeous wildlife, stand tall as a pieceful welcome giving a true feeling of Seoul. 
Wonderdful breath of fresh air
Was great to get out of the city and spend a day hiking in the national park. With a variety of trails to choose from you can pick what suits your hiking abilities. We decided on a more difficult trek and it was challenging at times and very rewarding. As we read from previous hikers, we packed a light snack along the way and this was a great idea. Also it's a good idea to wear proper shoes. Great day out can get busy but highly recommended.
Nice day hike
I visited this mountain with some friends in January, it was kind of cold outside so it was nice because the moutain climbing made us feel a bit hot and out of breath. It was really great to have lunch on the top of the mountain with the nice view all around. We only hiked for a few hours up to the first peak but other climb for a lot longer. 
Fantastic day so close to seoul
A wonderful day hike to the peak, 2.5 hours up, 1.5 down. Last kmis pretty steep, pulling yourself up on steel cables, but even with my fear of heights, it was fine. Being a Sunday it was packed with people coming from Seoul which is only half an hour away by taxi. 
Pack some food before you set off to Bukhansan
I love this national park. It took me 4 hours to go up and 2 hours to come down. My mum who was 70 managed to hike to the peak with me. :) There are many nice trees with spring flowers dotting around the mountain. Do pack some food like Sushi rolls at the metro before you visit the mountain and you can sit down and munch the food while admiring the surrounding like the Korean do. When we come down and reached the foot of the mountain, it's already 5pm but there were still many people going up. Highly recommended. 
Great View, Lots of Walking
I was expecting this to be a hiking trail for some reason, but it was a lot of stairs. When you get to the top, though, you have an amazing view.
I think I'm in love.
I did the fortress walk around Seoul and getting up the mountain and to the national park was a pain. But the views were so worth it! I didn't want to leave but had to get going to finish my walk. If you want to get the best view over Seoul, forget Namsan (but you can still go there, it's pretty), and make this place your number one must-visit item! It's better not to go on a weekend when it is less crowded. What was a tad annoying were the constant signs reminding you not to take photographs of the military stations (but they ruined the picture anyway) and I wasn't sure which places were meant until half an hour later. Anyway, totally worth it! pack good walking shoes and prepare to climb mostly stairs instead of rocks.
Great Views of Seoul
There are many different trails in this park and we happened to pick one that was more strenuous than we thought. Don't be fooled by the elderly folks that are all over the place - they must be in great shape to climb over some of the huge boulders. This was no walk in the park - many times we were on our hands and knees (and on our bottoms on the way down). Some of the cables and poles on the trail are there for a reason - there would be no other way to hoist yourself up and over parts of the trail. That said, you are rewarded of stunning views and a really good workout! Also, just about every local was outfitted in proper hiking gear (boots, pants, jackets, hats and walking sticks) and you there was no shortage of vendors selling this gear. We had on sneakers and jeans and did just fine so don't be intimidated if you aren't wearing the latest and greatest hiking gear.
Beautiful Scenery
It was so beautiful! Make sure that you dress appropriately for the hiking. Good shoes. Bring water. Hiking stick would probably make your life easier. It was a lot of fun trying to get up the mountain. My friend and I did not make it all the way up (both out of shape and she's a smoker) But the scenery is beautiful so it was worth doing what we could in the end. I definitely want to make it a goal to come back and make it to the top! 
The hiking is exhausting but all worth it in the end
I'm writing this while waiting for my husband and friends climbing up the peak. I think this is the only time that you really need to hike. The rest of it may be tiring and exhausting but it's very doable. We are not well prepared for this but since we didn't have much to do in Seoul, I suggested my friends do a hiking trip to Bukhansan. Getting here is very easy as I found good information on the park website as well as fromTrip advisor reviews. We took subway line 3 to Gupabal then exit 1 to catch bus 704.Like other reviewers said, we felt intimidating looking at Korean hikers as they were so well prepared for their hikes with proper clothes, walking sticks, gloves. Only one guy in out group wore hiking shoes while the rest of us wore walking shoes. But it turned out that our shoes still managed to get us to the peak. So if you have hiking shoes then wear them but if you don't then don't waste money buying them from those shops along the way to the park entrance. However, the lesson that we learned is to wear light clothes. The hike is long so don't also carry a lot stuffs with you if not necessary. But water is a must so bring as many as you can. Also some snacks if you plan to have a quick pinic at the peak. You'll find amazing spots to do so. Going up took us about 3 hours as we stopped so many times to take pictures and rest. The hike to the peak is 4 km so about half way through it was when we started some rock climbing. The last 1km was harder and very exhausting for me. Don't give up there! Once you got to the peak,your hard work would be paid off. Going down of course was faster and easier. To conclude, I strongly recommend doing this hiking trip if you are in Seoul. I'm very anti athletic and if I could do this then I believe everybody else can too. 
Climb, not a walk in the park
We took up this recommendation from a Korean couple in Jeju - e met them while climbing Hallasan. Got some info from KTO. We took the subway dark blue line 1 to Dobongsan - quite a long ride - last stop too. Exiting the station, we kinda got lost and ended up in the little park next door. Anyways, exit the station and turn right. If there are fellow mountain climbers in the train, just follow them. Go up the stairs to road level and cross the road. Many shops selling mountaineering stuff (clothes, hats, walking sticks, shoes, gloves) line the road. Eating stalls too. Just follow the road until you reach the main entrance - about 15 to 20mins walk. At entrance, get a map and ask the staff which route is best to suit your abilities. As we were first-timers, the staff told us to take the course for Jaeunbong. Some parts were ok, some more challenging esp. this big rock on which the climbers took a lunch break. We tried to continue upwards but were advised by the locals to turn back as our shoes weren't suitable - insufficient grip - and would be too risky. Disappointed, we turned back. Perhaps another time with better shoes. In all, we took about 3+ hours.
Beautiful
There are so many trails to hike and it's beautiful year round. Hike on a weekend to forgo the crowds.
I have questions!!!
How do I get to the beginning of the trail for the highest peak with public transportation?I'll be coming from Seoul (hongdae). What stop do I get off at? Are there places on the way to purchase or refill water? How long will it take?
Best hiking area in Seoul!
I lived in Suyi-ri near the 4.19 Monument and entered Bukhansan Park at the top of the hill at Academy House (which has a lovely restaurant and coffee bar, BTW!). We hiked all the time, usually in the early morning, sometimes with baby boy in a podaegi on my back. Hikers galore, badminton players by the dozens, yahoo-ers at the top of the mountain waking us up a bit too early competing with the Buddhist priest next door knocking on the wooden carp a bit too early! Bukhansan pleases at all seasons!
Baegundae peak
The National Park website is right on. Taking bus 34 or 704 from exit 1 of Gupadol (line 3). That takes about 10min. There are a bunch of hiking shops in case you need to change gear some what. The park ranger office is helpful. Maps are for sale @ 1000 won each. BE VERY CAREFUL that the time estimate is for one way. So going up to Baegundae takes 2.5hrs, but it will take another 2hrs to come down. The rating is some thing subjective. The web site says it is "C" - relatively not difficult, but certainly, if you wear sneakers, you will find it very challenging (sections of it require the use of hands on steel cables).
Easily Accessible Hike
The National Park is easily accessible by Seoul by the metro station. The location is a tranquil and scenic escape from the city. There are plenty of hiking trails and they are well maintained. At the entrance to the park, paper maps can be obtained.
Go to Baegundae peak!
Baegundae is the highest peak. Start at Doseonsa (Doseon Temple), which is a great temple, and hike up to the peak. There is a house with beer, makkoli, ramen, and other drinks and snacks near the top. Great views and it only takes 3-4 hours round trip for moderately paced hikes.
Great view and well maintained paths
I was able to get out and take a short hike in the middle of winter (-1 degree and snowing) and the paths were well maintained and more helpful, well marked with distance and names in English. Fairly easy to get to via public transportation too. It was a wonderful moment and way to experience fresh air in a quiet setting just outside of the city. I went on a Monday, so it was likely less crowded than on the weekends, from what I have read and heard. 
Wear the right Shoes
Love hiking these trails! The views provide a great break from the cityscape of Seoul. Two notes for foreigners: 1 . Koreans make hiking into a fashion show -- chances are you're underdressed. Don't sweat it, move on and enjoy nature (and the fashion show!) 2. Wear the right shoes -- hiking/mountain climbing shoes. Running/tennis shoes will not suffice and will be problematic.
great walk
We took a tour via Viator to the National park. It was quite a nice (not easy) walk up the mountain with a big Buddha face carved up the mountain and a temple. it was fun despite the cold weather.
Rare spot in Seoul for evening out
It is so close to downtown but you can enjoy the feeling of outdoor and still get good foods around. There are trails for hikers and you can enjoy the remnants of old dynasty markings and smell the natures. Actually, there are many trails that you can enjoy short or long hikes and have access to main road to return easily.Watching sundown from Bukhansan offers great view and it is one of memorable experience I have. 
First time hiking, one of the best experience in my life
So, me and my partner wanted to do what Koreans do, so we decided hiking. We thought our normal attire is good enough. But we are so wrong. Recommended time to the peak is 1.5 hours, but it took us 4 hours since we dont have any experience and dont have any gear/equipment.But once you reach the top, the scene and view is really breath taking.
Nice hike to hidden temple
We took the hike up the hill and met a really nice older Korean man. While talking we told him we liked the temples so at a fork in the trail about a mile in from the trail head we took the left fork rather than proceed to summit and gate and there is an awesome temple and large Buddha a short hike to left. We did not continue on to summit and gate because it was a very foggy day with no chance of a view
What A Hike!
I really love this place! it's the best place for you guys who loved hiking with your fellow friends! unfortunately i come here in a group of tour, so i can't hike for long, but still it's quite amazing to see such breath taking view from up there. But becareful! the path have no real safety measures, just some rope and rocky path in some of the places. If u decide to go hiking out there, it will take quite some time, about 1-3 days depending on your skill and ability, but i highly recommend you to try and hike this national park mountain. Last but not least, I LOVE this place! :D
Only if you are in Seoul for more than 4 days or avid hiker
Lots of things to see and do in Seoul before heading to Bukhansan unless you are hiker like me (last here in winter 2 years ago)Getting here by public transport is not difficult via the metro and bus ( you get off at the last stop at the terminal). From the terminal you can either hike up or bus up (special bus but I reckon half hour frequency) or get a taxi up (US$4 per trip, higher tariff than city taxi). From the entrance gateway there is only main 1 way up until 20 mins up you can get on otherside tracks, all well signposted with proper trails. I had limited time and do only an hour hike to vantage point where i can see the stony mountain top. To get further up it will probably take another 1-2 hours further up. I came in fall late Nov this time hoping foliage like that in Mt Sorak. but only saw a patch of red sporadically. Will need to go to Mt Sorak to enjoy that. Have a good hike
Good national park. 
This national park is accessible through multiple routes and being a mountainous area requires you to take a local bus, which isn't easy in Korea. On the other hand taxis aren't too pricey here so you can always take one. The mountain isn't too hard to climb and is popular on weekends among Koreans. There are multiple routes to take so you can do a different climb each time. Not as great as Seoraksan or Jirisan National parks but easy to do in a day trip from Seoul. If you have extra time and the weather is good, the views at the top are quite nice. 
Must do!
Really Nice views from the top! And it is not hard at all to walk up there. One of the best things to do in Seoul for sure. Must do!
Great place for trekking..:)
Good place, scenic view is really nice. If you are planning to trek at least 2/3 peaks then try to plan as early as possible in the morning. The views are good if the day is clear instead of foggy. Best season to visit would be autumn..though you can go in any season. Go to dobangsan metro station and the trekking start point is just 1km from the station. Carry water with you..as the trekking will take minimum 3 hrs depending on the track you choose.
Great place
I didn't had enough time to spent here but it's a great place to spend some quality I time. I would love to be there again and have the time to enjoy those great views again. The city is great, food a bit strange but interest in and party time very original. The experience it's worth it :) enjoy
Breathtaking - Grea tViews
This is a "must do" in Korea - the hike is a little strenuous, so plan accordingly (hiking shoes or good sneakers, gloves, jacket, no sandals) - the views are awesome and absolutely make the hike up well worth it. Avoid the weekends if you can, it tends to get a little crowded, but definitely do this in Korea!
Beautiful and breathtaking
Beautiful mountain even in the winter. My daddy told me it wouldn't be so beautiful at this time a year when there's no snow, but it was a enjoyable hike indeed. I'm not used to hike and it went very well. A little cardio but we also saw people over 70 hiking and small children. Definitely worth a visit. Remember to bring water. Afterwards we went to Soul - a little execlusive coffeeshop in Seoul. Very nice day indeed.
More Intense Than We Thought
We read the reviews and went as a group. We went with a group of male and female, but the hill was too intense to climb up to the top. We went to the middle of the hill, but the view there was still breathtaking.
Mountain hiking
This place is truly awesome. The views are spectacular. You have the city of seoul on one side and the surrounding mountains on the other. If your in seoul for a couple of weeks or even a week then most definitely take the hike up the mountain. Make sure the day is clear as you will want to see the stunning views on offer. Also make sure you go early...You can actually take a car to the mountain area and there is a place to park your car should you decide to drive to the foot of the mountain. As we don't have the privilege of apple maps/ Google maps or for that matter any navigation app in Korea. A great app called "waze" helps a lot, but make sure you look for the information centre of bukhansan mountain as there are many points to start your hiking. Happy hiking people and keep safe
Too beautiful and breathtaking!
We climbed along the outer wall (not too sure outer wall of what. Guide said outer wall of palace but we didn't see the palace when we climbed to the top) It took some effort and we were perspiring even though it was like 3 deg.The view from the top was gorgeous and the air so fresh and crisp even though it was freezing. Saw a number of people walking up and down and they were all quite elderly. Made me ashamed of feeling so tired and out of breath!I believe we did the easiest part of Mt Bukhansan as we were not as tired as the others stated in the reviews. But still panting and swearing (silently in our heads!) when we reached the top. Worth the effort only in winter and there are less people and less sweat. (Not much less people but still less than in autumn where it's too beautiful for words)
A Great Walk.. A MUST DO
If you love scenery, a must walk to the many peaks. Can get a little challenging but the people are great around you. Hardly any English but the smiles does the job. Dont be surprised if a 70 year old Korean is zooming pass. These people are super fit and they come prepared. I think I was the only foreigner at the time but had a good time meeting great people and loving the climb up. 
Breathtaking views all around
Yes the views are amazing and breathtaking and the trip itself will be equally breathtaking to as you will be dying for breath in no time out of all the exhaustive trekking required of the place. The place is clean and well organized and beautiful but the trek through the park is very demanding and cannot be done if you have been a little back on your fitness regime. The place is also crazy crowded and attracts a lot of visitors. 
Been on the "easiest" trail
This may be obvious but sneakers only!! No sandals. You may need hiking gloves. Tho it was dubbed the easiest trail, there was still parts of the path where you need to climb rocks on ropes. They were a bit steep too. My friend who enjoys light hiking back in the US can't climb the rope at all. It was a bit much for her. I went up by myself and it was worth it!! I came to love hiking! You can of course opt out of the climb but you'll be missing out on the great views up there! We got a little lost in the beginning cause the directions we got at the hostel was vague. If you see Hana High in front of you then you should go a bit more towards the mountain and the beginning of the trail should be on your right. Oh and there was an on - going construction which disturbed the peace a little. We love Bukhansan overall, and def coming back!!!! ♡♡
Breathtaking in autumn
As recommended by other reviewers, I took the subway to Gireum station and caught the bus 110B / 143 from exit 3 all the way till the last station. A short walk brought me to the Visitor Centre where I bought an English map for Krw1000 (not necessary in my opinion). Some tips: bring along some snacks as it is a 3-4hours hike; wear a lightweight windbreaker and pants as some stairs are steep and carry a backpack. Most of the locals make use of a hiking stick, it would come in handy if you had one!Lastly, if you descend via the same route, take bus 110A back to Gireum station.
Be prepared for immense crowds
Bukhansan National Park gets approximately 5 million visitors a year so expect it to be BUSY! We went on the biggest Korean national holiday, Chuseok, which normally keeps people at home. By the afternoon the trails were full of people. Luckily we left early enough in the morning to make it to Baegundae Peak before the crowds set in. If you google pictures of this peak you will see the enormous lines of people waiting to climb the peak. Besides the people, the hike itself if worth doing. It is extremely difficult. I can't stress this enough, the hike to Baegundae peak is exhausting. It's is extremely steep for almost the entire trail and the last portion is dangerous. You are required to hold on to cables to pull yourself up to the top. Not for the faint of heart! I recommend going, but you need to be aware of the crowds and the difficulty.
Top of the World
The view from the top is awesome! The climb, though, is not your average cup of tea. If you are not physically fit, you may want to reconsider including this as part of your itinerary. Be warned!
Beautiful hike
My friend and I were visiting Seoul for five days and decided to explore the Bukhansan Nationalpark one of Seouls hinterland attractions which was in retrospective the highlight of our South Korea trip. The hike is kind of challenging and it takes in total approximately 6 hours (return trip). It was really steep and rocky but the view was amazing and priceless. The area was really clean and well organized. Totally recommend this hike - two thumbs up.
Short but really good hike
I started the hiking from the temple Dosunsa, I went there on Saturday at 1 PM and luckily there was a parking spot the whole hiking to the Backundae peak was not too long and could enjoy all the view from the peak.For 5 hours hiking would be good for anybody who like to see the scenery of Seoul and Mountain.
Hike to Baegundae peak - excellent
trekking in Bukhansan is a unique experience: one moment you are in a busy, modern city, the next you are surrounded by nature. Bukhansan National Park is within easy reach with Seoul metropolitan public transport. Maps: if you are looking for a good map you can get it at one of the Bukhansan National Park Information centres (we got ours from Jeongneung Information Center). The map is mainly for the Dulle Gil (the circular trail around the base of Bukhansan and Dobongsan however the trails up the mountain and to the peaks are marked too). The map has also information on how to reach the various entry points by public transport from Seoul. Trails: there are a number of trails up to the highest peak (Baegundae) we went up from Jeongneung Information Center and came down to Bukhanseong Collective Facilities Area. UP: Jeongneung Information Center > Daeseongmun Gate > Bogungmun Gate > Yongammun Gate > Winmun Gate > Baegundae Peak (3 hours with a short snack break and photo stops)DOWN: Baegundae Peak > Winmun Gate > Gaeyeon Falls > (start of paved road) Muryangsa > Daeseomun Gate > Bukhanseong Collective Facilities Area (1.5 hour keeping a rather sustained pace). The trail up was long however not overly demanding apart from the last section (Wimun Gate to Baegundae Peak). This last section is the only part where you have to scramble up on steep and flat granite rock (there are rails to help however). This last section has narrow areas and some parts allow space for only one single line of hikers, this means that at busy times a queue may form and it may take some time to get to the peak depending on the abilities of those in front of you). Keep calm and enjoy the magnificent views. Even if you decide not to go to the very top there are still some amazing views from the rest of the trail and in my opinion it is well worth the hike. The trail from Bukhanseong Collective Facilities Area to the Baegundae peak is more direct (read: steeper) so it will be more demanding in terms of effort. We did it going down and being autumn there was some amazing foliage to be seen however if you come up this way you will not see the magnificent views until the very top because of the tree coverage. Coming up from Jeongneung Information Center the trail is rather varied. The type of trees change throughout the trail and you pass a few gates. There are some amazing views. I definitely recommend it. Overall an amazing experience, not overly physically demanding if you are reasonably fit. I want to go again and do a different peak. PS: if you don't want to climb peaks or go up steps too much you could try one of the many trails along the Dulle Gil route. This is a 71.5 km circular trail that can be done in sections (if you go to the information centre you can even get a passport where you can collect stamps for each section you have completed). On separate occasions I did section 8 of the Dulle Gil but I was not overly impressed with the landscape there however I also did a short stroll on section 6 (Pyeongchangmaeul-gil) and it was very beautiful. This national park has a lot for everybody and if you like hiking it can keep you busy over several weekends or day trips. if you are visiting Seoul and want to see it from the top I recommend hiking up to one of the peaks.If you are looking for outdoor gear head to Bukhanseong Collective Facilities Area: I have never seen so many shops of outdoor gear shops including world famous brands. To get to Jeongneung Information Center: use Seoul Metro and get off at Gireum Metro station (Subway line 4) > from exit 3 catch bus 110B or 143 to the last bus stop.To get to Bukhanseong Collective Facilities Area: Gupabal Station (Subway Line 3), Exit 1 and take Bus 704 get off at Ipgok-samgori then walk through the area with all the outdoors shops.If you want to read my blog post do a Google search for "bukhansan ros in wonderland"
Challenging, excellent view
It is a challenging hike. Steep, rocky and sometimes sandy. The view is good and the area is big, u can spend an hour or 8 hours to go from one peak to another peak. The view is good and it's fantastic weather when I do it on November, the chilled breeze is good when you are heat up by all the climbs with your hands and feet.
Challenging hike and stunning view of Seoul - highlight of the trip!
Visited on Thursday September 25 - We were fortunate to be in Seoul during a week with fantastic weather and relatively clear skies. This trip was rather last minute so in my limited time for research, it was difficult to find much information about the best way to access Bukhansan National Park and the trails available. Glad to see that seems to be changing!There's a thread on the 'Difficulty, elevation gain on Bukhansan Hiking Courses' on TripAdvisor and one of the posts suggests going to Dobongsan Station to access the park. We did so, and simply followed a few hikers to the park entrance (~15 minute walk). A very enthusiastic park ranger welcomed us and provided us with a map and a suggested course.We began at the Dobong Park Information Center, and followed the trail to the Seongdowon Temple and then on to the flat rock face of Madangbawi before the final stretch to Jaunbong (Dobongsan Peak). The view was breathtaking. The last bit to this peak is along a very rocky incline that involves you hauling yourself up using the metal rails. I bailed at this point but my friend continued to the top for an even more stunning view. The park ranger suggested the round trip would take about 3.5 hours; it took us 4.5. Definitely an afternoon well spent - make sure you bring a water bottle and some snacks in a backpack. You'll want free hands as you scramble around the rockier parts of the trail.
Perfect attraction for active people
Really worth to spend half a day just outside Seoul, if you like hiking, nature and don't scared of a little adventure with Mother Nature. I don't have to tell anything about the track and view, others did that already in detail. But I can advice and confirm some other things...Easiest way is indeed to take the underground to Suyu station (blue line). Go out at exit #3 or #6 and wait for bus #120. Quickest way to the foot of the hill. Cost you 1000 Won p.p. and sit all the way till the last stop (bus station). Opposite of this bus station is a small shop. Definitely recommend to buy here a pair of cheap gloves. They were really useful during the climb to grab the (metal) cable on some stiff parts of the trip. Wait for the shuttle bus that will leave left from the small shop / opposite bus station, get in and pay again 1000 Wan p.p. when you get off on the parking lot of the temple. You can also walk up to the temple. We walked down when we came back. Takes around 25 minutes.Visit the temple first if you like this kind of cultural monuments. I thought it was really impressive. Get afterwards back to the parking lot and follow the signs to the peak. I was surprised about the number of toilets that are placed (and kept clean) on the way to the top. So don't worry about that. Bring enough food and drinks with you for half a day or buy this at the small shop near the bus station. You don't need hiking shoes to make it to the top, though it makes it easier. But if you didn't bring them with you, don't worry. I completed this challenge on my Asics running shoes. Just make sure that you hold the cable and carefully place your steps. Watch out for slippery parts and enjoy this active attraction just outside Seoul! It took us around 3 hours to go up and down starting from the parking lot at the temple.And indeed, after half a day trekking eat some "chicken and beer" at this nice local restaurant. It's 50 meters up the opposite site from the bus station.
Best autumn description
Staying only for 4 days in Seoul during the peak autumn season, I cannot experience the autumn foliage in the major mountains of Korea as it is very far. My friend and I chose Bukhansan instead as it is just around Seoul (Gireum Station [Subway Line 4], Exit 3. Take Bus 110B or 143, and get off at the last bus stop.)As we stepped out of the bus, we were very excited about climbing - even attempting the peak. Too bad, the maps and directions weren't even in English so getting lost here is very easy. Along the way, we took many photos as it's a really really great site to behold. Colors ranging from yellow to orange to red are everywhere and the cool air reminds you that it's autumn.Though we did not reach the peak - 1. we did not dress appropriately 2. it will take too much time to reach the peak for amateurs like us 3. we did not bring any food thinking that the climb won't be hard -, we have seen sooo many beautiful things along the way.If you want to try this out, allocate a whole day for this activity and dress appropriately - starting with the right shoes and thick jackets and bring food and cofee!
Spectacular hike - twenty minutes away from the center
The hike is spectacular, especially in the fall. In total, it took us 4.5 - 5 hours (it depends on your speed and the time you take to look around and take pictures) on a weekday. We took Line 3 to Gupabal station. Once you get to the street level, you will see a colorful line of mostly local hikers lining up to take a bus (34 or 704) to the entrance of Bukhansan park. You can get off when most people in the hiking gear get off (about 15 minutes of the bus ride).The hike is pretty strenuous - do not underestimate it. Please wear sturdy hiking boots and be ready for a constant ascent for the last two hours of the climb, in most places, it's quite steep. The last part was fun - you have to use the steel ropes to climb up as you would be climbing on the slippery and steep open stone. The views are breathtaking at the top - it was a bit hazy but still worth it. Make sure that you leave enough time to climb down before the darkness.
A hiking trail worth to spend a day in ANY season in Seoul, South Korea
Nov. 1, 2014 is one of most memorable day in my life. I had a chance and time to go to Bukhansan National Forest in Seoul, South Korea with my Wife. If you are in Seoul during Fall season Late October to middle of November (Or any time of the year) and like nature, want to Hike an excellent hiking route, you should strongly consider going to this place. When I went to Seoul for work, local Manager Man-Hee Cho suggested me to go to this mountain as I asked him some good places to visit for Nature and Forest.Attached photos will tell the short story, however, no words can describe the actual experience. Typical fall days in Seoul are Crisp and clear, with slight breeze. We were fortunate that the temp. on this day was slightly higher, however, if you like hiking and want to go all the way to the top of ONE of the point. You should not wear heavy jacket, but couple of layers with light jacket will work better. Make sure your hands are free and hence carry light BACKPACK with plenty water and snacks for this hiking and wear good shoes. Be careful while waking as during fall season many leaves are on the ground and can become slippery. If you can arrange for hiking sticks, it will help you during descend, since it can be very tricky.We hiked total of 15-16 kilometers in the forest and it took entire day. Seoul is well connected with Subway and buses. We went to Gubapal subway station (Line 3) (exit 1) and took a bus # 704 (or 34) to Bukhansan National forest Entrance.We started little late and hence reached the entrance around 11:30 AM on Saturday morning. Went on the Daenammun Course, on the way we stopped for a while to eat some fruit and take rest. With gods grace we met local Pastor, Mr. Kim Kun Ki (김 군 기) at this rest stop. He offered few jujube fruit to us and then we offered him an apple. He is more than 10 years older than me, however his energy and stamina was much better than us. Because of his encouragement we could go all the way to the top of the mountain, as he keep on saying in his broken English, "Mr Shashi, we are together all the way to the top" and then saying it is just 20 min form here when in total it took more than 1 hr from the spot we asked HOW far top is :-(.The cool breeze from the wonder full orange/red and yellow leaves of tress of the hiking trail is really giving us feeling of in the heaven and we are getting relief from our tiredness form hiking.The weather was clear and we actually started sweating since we wore little heavy jackets, in fact after 2 and 2.5 we were so warm that we had to remove our jackets and put in our backpacks.From the look at the variety of trees and shrubs, I think this will be beautiful hike during ANY season of the year (May be little hot during summer season and little too cold during very cold days). There is no entrance fee for the park and there are some places where you can but food and water.While coming back Mr Kim, helped us a lot to get to the bus station and since we were staying in Jamsil area, he was gracious enough to ride with us all the way to Dandaemun bus station, and he even paid for our bus fare.The sample photos posted here are as mentioned are just sample and I have many more pictures of this perfect natural beauty and will cherish them for the rest of my life.Shashikant Bhandari
Baegundae Peak - tallest
I scaled the Baegundae peak (tallest at 837m) in 2hours 45minutes, and took 2 hours to come back down. Do not trust the official website when it says "easy difficulty".The first 2km+ or so of the trail was fine, relatively flat roads, steps and rocks. Thereafter for 1km, it was a steeper accent (~30 degree elevation average) and you have to use your hands sometimes to climb over rocks. Towards the end, it got really steep (~60 degree) and all you have is a wire and rope to haul yourself to the very top.Proper hiking shoes with solid grip a must. And bring food to the top for alfresco dining!Getting there: Get off at Gupabal station and follow the crowd (bus 34 or 704).
Breathtaking
We started climbing Baegundae quite late, started out at 2pm and reached the peak at about 4pm. But even in the fading light, the beauty of the rock peaks prevailed. The trail up is clearly marked, but it definitely a bit tricky in some part. Tips:- Definitely wear proper hiking boots, ideally with ankle support as mine definitely twisted a few times, thankfully without any sprains. - Another item that was a lifesaver was climbing gloves. If you have forgotten to bring yours, head down to a Daiso shop, and get a pair of gardening gloves with the rubber-dipped fingers and palms. They cost approximately USD2, and will protect your hands from the cold and the strain of hanging on/pulling up on the metal ropes.-Weekdays are the way to go. Avoid weekends at all cost, we decided on a thursday and the turnout was actually good, passing about 100 people along the way to the top, which is a good number spread out, both coming up and down the peak. Most climbers that day were locals! -Other than that, pack a light lunch, and lots of water. Most people eat their lunch at the rock outcrop very near the actual top of Baegundae peak. On the way down, you can have a nice hearty Chi-Maek (Chicken + Beer), that is near the bus station. Bus 120 will take you back to Suyu Station.We would definitely revisit Bukhansan again, such a majestic and beautiful site. The adjacent peaks were also available for climbing, but Baegundae seems to offer the best views. Maybe next time, we will try other trails!
Highlight of our trip to Seoul
We climbed to BaeGunDae (the highest peak) on an autumn day and it was by hands down, the highlight of our trip to Seoul. The views are absolutely spectacular and the climb is incredibly rewarding. That said, I wanted to write this review as a way of a guide for English speaking people given that I found most of this information on Korean blogs. Hopefully, those of you who are planning to visit will find it helpful to find this in English! - When to go: Avoid weekends. Even during the weekdays, it can get heavily congested near the peak. I am told on weekends, you will be mostly staring the backside of the person in front of you during the entire climb up.- How to get there:Take the train to SuYu station on Line 4. Exit the station via #3 exit, then cross the road to catch bus #120 to DoSunSa temple. It's the final destination. There are two or so other alternative buses but #120 is the most direct and quickest one. You will find yourself at the foot of BukHanSan, once you get off #120 bus at the bus garage. Opposite the bus garage, there is a shuttle bus to the temple parking lot, which costs you 1,000 Won. The shuttle is there for the temple visitors but they will take hikers on weekdays. It departs every half an hour or so. If you choose not to take the bus to the temple parking lot, it's about 30mins hike up from here. - Route: From the temple parking lot, the route up to BaeGunDae is about 1hr 45mins. The last 0.6km is a quite a challenge, climbing up the surfaces of giant boulders that make up BaeGunDae. As novice climbers, we relied heavily on the metal ropes to aid us. Cycling gloves would've come in handy at this point, as we pulled ourselves up whilst testing our upper body strength! On the way down, we took the route via YongAmMun and it was a much less crowded and shaded walk with fantastic views. It will bring you down via DoSunSa temple, which is a beautiful and historic temple worth a visit after your day's climb. - Difficulty: Our friends were more experienced hikers but even one of them struggled a little bit towards the end. As reasonably fit 31 year old novice climbers, we were fine to climb it but we found it quite hairy at times. I wouldn't recommend it for my parents (who are 60) or children, but to be fair - most of the locals were much older than us and they climbed it with grace and ease! - Make sure: You pack a pair of hiking boots (our friend who had trainers found the surfaces too slippery at times) and a camera for when you get up to the top! - Additional tip: Take a packed lunch and plenty of water. Locals take hot water in a flask for their cup noodles or Californian roll (KimBap). There is small canteen just before you start the last 0.6km climb but it would be advisable to take your own food with you. It's worth the weight you carry. Also, there are couple of toilets on the way up but they are mostly holes in the ground, so something to be aware of for those of you with weak stomach! Lastly, you should totally reward yourself with chicken and beer after your climb near the bus stop. The chicken was super tasty and the cold beer hit the spot after a long day's climb.
Good hiking experience
BuKansan is located very close to Seoul city centre. It is assessable through both train and bus. Reasonable steep steps for hiking. Prepare yourself with good hiking shoe, jacket and hiking stick. Restaurant at the bottom of the hill is nice for grilled meat and beer too. 
Breathtaking when you are in top of the mountain^.^
difficult to get to him, but worth the time spent there, a quiet and green place near Seoul, you can spend all day here, it's a great place to relax ,i'm in love with this place
Beautiful Park
I am in love with this park. You can spend an entire day here and still have new stuff to discover. It's connected to Dobongsan Mt so you can literally enjoy the peaks and pleasant views. It's an excellent place to blend in with the Korean population and experience their culture. If you're nice, you might even try some rice wine as the Koreans are very courteous to foreigners. If you are muscular in the least bit, the Koreans will make you feel like a bodybuilder - it's rather pleasant. I have no dislikes about this park. It's literally a gem and you can locate it by train via Dobongsan. It is two stops after Uijeongbu.
Fantastic views....
Always love to look over Seoul, and see the ever rapid spread of its boundaries southwards, and reaching into the future of the nation and people of the Land of the Morning Calm.
Breath taking
This is a must do park. It has different levels of hiking and don't let the people with walking stick and climbing gear discourage you. Me and my 5 friends climbed to the peak in 3 hours and 1 friend has bad knees and could still do it on the difficult trail. (no gear) The view is worth it and I have never seen a trail so clean with so many people, it was amazing. There are harder trails for the extremist but we are not we were just going for a hike. Make sure you bring lots of water and snacks there is no where to buy any once you are on the trails.
Lovely hike
Bukhansan national park is great for escape from city crowd and noise, it's around 40 minutes by metro from city center, and then around 15 minutes walk from metro station to park entrance, its a tiring and demanding hike, if you are not good athletic you will get tired quickly before you even start,
Great for a hiking workout
The hike to Baegundae was tougher than expected. Climbing lots of rocks but awesome view from the top!
Best to go for a real hike in the cooler months
I went in summer with a good friend who drives, and he drove me up there to the entrance, and we then walked there for a while around the front of that park. On the whole, as a drive, it was good but I think that it would be better if you plan a real afternoon hike with friends in the cooler months of fall, because without hiking gear, and being dressed inappropriately in the warm summer(with tee shirt and jeans), we could not walk very far. The view was actually not as spectacular as I imagined. All in all, get ready mentally for the hike, and do not just go with a friend who has a rather limited view of mountain viewing as driving around its edges. 
Ideal for hiking or climbing in Seoul city
Why don't you stop and take some break in a city with mountain climbing? There are several mountains in Seoul, but Mt.Bukhansan is the only National Park located in Seoul. 21 paths are organized for hikers or mountain climbers. Beautiful nature and fresh air are near you.
Please go!
This national park is a must see and truly beautiful. I did the day hike to one of the tallest peaks and it was some effort. Pack light with plenty of water and snacks for the trail. Lots of day hikers but still feels open and not crowded somehow. Take a day and enjoy what it has to offer. 
Very nice, very close to Seoul so also very busy
The national park is easy to reach from a number of subway stations, so it's very conveniant to reach. I went from Gupabal station to the entrance by taxi (KRW 5000, so approx USD 5), after which I hiked to Daegunbae peak, the highest peak in the park.The path is easy to follow: well marked and you just follow the vast amount of Koreans. Paths are marked as 'beginner', 'advanced' and 'expert' levels, marked in English as well. These levels refer to the mounting percentage. I did parts of the 'Expert' with no ropes, no heavy duty equipment, etc. But the climb is quite strenuous.It was fun, the sights are beautiful, but it is really crowded. Do not expect to be alone here.....
When in Korea, hike like a Korean.
Every Korea visitor should pay homage to the great mountains that shaped the history and the people of this beautiful peninsula like few other elements in their long history (5000 years + as they Tourist board contents will kindly remind you repeatedly). There are beautiful and more stunning, and challenging options for hikers across the land but if you are strapped for time or Seoul-bound, Bukhasan National Park in the north of the megalopolis is the place to go. Easily accessible via the city’s brilliant Metro and bus system it only takes about 20 mins from Tourist hub Insadong to get to the mountains and another 10 minutes bus ride to the actual park itself. Once there, stock up in the local store for food and drinks if you haven’t done so before and attempt to hike up Baekundae (836m) and get ready for an amazing hike. Korean’s always are well prepared for hiking, sporting the latest kit and equipment and unless your very sporty and/or an avid hiker yourself you will find yourself overtaken by groups of Ajumanis (elderly ladies) who sprint up the mountain with astonishing speed and stamina that will put most to shame. The hike is not difficult at all but city dwellers will find it mildly challenging but promises beautiful country side and scenery (and the chance to see the birth of a river from few dew drops at the top of the mountain until it becomes a powerful stream in the valley before joining the mighty Han river. Leave at least 3 hours to hike (with breaks) and 3 hours for returns (you will be exhausted). Best time to set off is later afternoon in summer and autumn to make the most of the beautiful scenery. The tracks are well sign-posted and in case you do get lost or need directions just to be sure there a plenty of Koreans about to help you. We hiked up in the afternoon and miscalculated time, reaching the peak for a most stunning sunset but with very little day light left to reach the bottom of the mountain again. Luckily we bumped into a helpful Korean who told us to follow him and his massive torchlight all the way down to the valley again.
Great hike!
This was a great hike with well demarcated signs, and everyone is quite friendly. It is moderately strenuous but you need hiking shoes and walking poles are advisable particularly on the descent. It was very pretty with the fall season coming, pretty streams and lots of beautiful vistas of the surrounding areas including the city. We took a cab to the are as they are cheap and with 4 of us it was a good value, and cabs were near the entrance for our return.
Bukhansan Park – A treacherous but exciting walk in the park
If you are into nature while in Seoul, nothing beats Bukhansan Park. Although I did not go all the way up, my intention was to just enjoy the trip, I did indeed appreciate the four hours or so “walk” uphill and then down with my four undergraduate students. More like hiking. And I admire the Korean men and women, some older than I am (or they looked it) taking the challenge – it was a challenging walk. Most of them (looking fit) came prepared with walking sticks to assist in the steep climb up and down. There are stone slabs and rock steps but even with proper shoes, these can be quite dangerous if one is not careful. Though they were fit enough, my students didn’t seem the type to have gone there if I had not insisted – young people they are. The view of Seoul from up there was beautiful, I could even spot Namsan Tower. I spotted various kinds of mushrooms and a squirrel-half-eaten pine fruit which I thought was a pineapple from afar as the animal was escaping with it – among other things. The paths were shaded and the atmosphere was not hot nor cool. Bring food and drinks so that you can stop and eat/drink while you catch your breath or/and relax. We came across an old castle gate. We entered by the entrance closest to the Kookmin University by taking a bus, and we came down somewhere where there was a bus right at the foot of the park to take us to the next metro station. If you had walked out further from the exit you would have found restaurants and souvenir shops. Past visitors warned of crowds during weekends – we went on a Friday morning and we had a quiet walk in Bukhansan Park – well aside from our chatters.
Outdoor adventure
Avoid peak season, weekdays seems fine. Pick a trail that you are comfortable with and do not just follow the crowd ( mainly ajumma & ajeossi).. After a long hike, be sure to dip your foot into the spring water. Heaven at it's best! And yes, go prepared!
Can be crowded, but totally worth it.
Getting there. First take Subway Line #4 for Suyu station, leave out Exit #3 where you will cross half the street to bus stop. There are three glass covered benches, you will want to take bus #101. Stay on this bus and get off on the stop right after it makes a U-turn. You will see a Northface store on the corner, turn right up this road and straight on till morning! We did the Baegundae Peak hike, which is the highest and most popular in Bukhansan National Park. We went the day after Chuseok, and ended up getting a late start which actually ended up being to our advantage. We hit the trail head about 3:45pm where we were met by a heavy resistance of thousands of people flooding off the mountain, trekking poles in hand, covered from head to toe in neon gore-tex. Like two salmon, seemingly under dressed for the occasion and fighting the current we swam upstream. After the first kilometer it started to thin out, and the sound of Korean ballads being pumped from smartphone speakers slowly faded. This is where that late start thing paid off. I had heard horror stories of people having to wait in line to get to the peak, but it seems we missed rush hour. And after making it to the top of Baegundae, I would not want to do this hike on a packed day. There are a few sections of this hike near the top where if you were to slip and fall it would surely be serious injury or death. Needless to say it gets a little gnarly, and if you are scared of heights you may not want to do this hike.Overall, the total out and back took us about 3 hours, and we ended up getting down just as it was almost to dark to see. It really is a great place to see amazing sites of the city. It's also a little more intense than your normal hiking experience, which I really liked. It ended up being a mix of hiking a boarder line mountaineering/rock climbing. If you do end up doing this hike, I would say it's an absolute must to bring decent shoes with plenty of grip!
Great escape from bustling Seoul city
An excellent place to go for hiking within the City. We took a subway and got down at Gunpul station and took a bus just outside the station. A beautiful trekking place and you will see a lot of local people going there at weekend and to my surprise a lot of elderly peope. The peak is about 2 KM climb.
Rugged hiking and great views on Seoul's doorstep
For outdoorsy types, don't miss a visit to Bukhansan. It makes up for absolute "altitude" with the variety of rugged climbs, its grand sweeping views, challenging and varied routes, and just ease of getting to from greater Seoul. You can hop on a bus or subway and be hiking in less than an hour. Weekends of course during the "peak" seasons of spring and fall are going to be crowded with big groups of ajumma and ajeossi (40s & 50-something hikers dressed to the nines in hiking paraphernalia), so if possible do go during weekdays: you'll have it almost all to yourself. An attempt on Baegundae, the sheer-faced high point, is tough and steep at the end but well worth the effort. Try to find or download some maps so you know the best access point to where you're staying. And go prepared!! It is a big area, not some little kiddie park. 
Great place to go hiking
Plenty of hikes for all ages and abilities. Most hikes start and finish near food stalls. Good public transport links. 
The best hiking trails in Seoul
There are more than 50 hiking trails just 15 minutes from the center of Seoul. You can find trails for a half hour to all day. Autumn season(especially mid-October) is the best.
Nature at the door step
Made an impromptu visit in a walking with just a camera and a small pouch. With the summer heat, it was totally achievable in regular going out pants/shirt and sneaker. Access is a breeze. Hope on the train to Dobongsan Station and just follow the crowd. there is lots of locals walking the numerous trails. Stores selling all your hiking needs line the road leading to the park entrance. As it was an impromptu visit, took a simple trail. I guess it was too simple for the locals as it was deserted lest a few occasional elderly hikers.Spent an hour and a half walking around. I believe the place will be really beautiful in Autumn.Upon descending, food galore awaits you - pork knuckles, various seafood etc.. so if you are into eating, go in a group.
English speaking, helpful staff
We asked for an easy route and got it explained in good English. The nature is stunning. The park is well well-kept. I will go there again!
Hiking
I went on this hike with family members with ages ranging from 10-69. It was an attractive hiking setting with multiple different paths. The park rangers were very helpful and able to suggest routes to take. The hiking path our group took included a Buddhist temple and then to the Dobongsan peak. For the youngest and the oldest, they hiked up to the temple and looked around and had a small picnic. For the rest of us, we went up too the peak. This was a challenging hike and is best done with hiking shoes (we all had sneakers). The end of the hike involves a steep climb that require holding onto poles and/or ropes. It was worth the hike to get to a beautiful view of Seoul. Hint: Make sure to bring plenty of water and a snack. Better to have hiking shoes. Wear sun block. The bathrooms are old-fashioned/non-Western style.
Beautiful (and popular) daytrip!
This is one of the best outdoor activities in Seoul. The views along the mountain trails, as well as the cityscape from the top, are breathtaking. I highly recommend finding a Korean friend who is familiar with some of the lesser known trails. If you can, please go in the early morning so that you can beat the masses. You will still pass by plenty of older men and women, but it won't be a continuous line of people. Wear good hiking or trail running shoes. Pack plenty of water and some kimbap rolls, and you'll be set for brunch at the top! Once you reach the bottom, treat yourself for an afternoon pajeon and makgeolli. Perfect!
Beautiful
Lovely walk, took the metro Gupabal and the bus to Sanseong (get off when everyone does) to walk up to Baekundae (the highest peak). The walk was gorgeous and the view at the end was stunning, lots of people making the route especially at the end so expect that. Also the Koreans love their hiking kit, don't be too put off you can do it in 'sports kit' providing you take all the necessary water etc.The first 3km are quite easy but definitely uphill the last 1-2km becomes more of a natural staircase and the very last stretch is walking up the rocks, there is a wire barrier however this would be very scary for someone who had a big fear of heights or vertigo.
Bring Proper Equipment if you're going all the way to the peak!
One of the best experiences of my trip to Seoul. The view at the peak is really breathtaking and awe-inspiring. You'll definitely get to see most of the skyline of Seoul on a clear day from there. There are several peaks which you can get to once you're at the top and you can easily find a quiet place to sit down and rest.I did not bring proper equipment, enough water or proper hiking shoes when I went to the top. To make matters worst, it was my first time climbing and I was doing it alone. But I managed to make it to the top and down again.There were plenty of fellow hikers whom I asked for directions and help from time to time. I'd recommend to try to get to the summit with a guide or seasoned climbers, and to bring along proper equipment.If you're into climbing, this is definitely not a place to be missed in Seoul.
Maps could be better
We spent the day at Bukhansan (after only intending to spend the morning). Bring supplies, because there are none once you get past the base of the mountain.Once you start trudging your way up the hill, severely underdressed and with no hiking sticks, you will see the occasional marker or sign. Do not attempt to go to the tallest peak unless you are extremely athletic - this is not like some of the other "mountain hikes" in Korea. There were a couple of temples along the way, but not much in the way of the view until you got to a peak. The place is also extremely crowded on weekends and there are lines to reach the summit. 
Beauty
If you are into nature, this is the place to go. There are trails available for beginner to advanced hikers, but they are all enjoyable showing off the natural beauty of the place. Also, enjoy the site of some temples that are still in use as you climb. I don't recommend this if you are traveling with young children, but the choice is yours.
Good Hike & Great View!
It was a beautiful day for a hike & Bukhansan did not disappoint. Our guide from 'This is Korea' private tour specialist brought us up the mountain via a track lesser known to tourists. We met 2 groups of friendly local hikers. 1st group were schoolmates who are now in their 70's & the second are 3 couples in their 50's. The seniors in their 70's have been hiking up the mountain for the past 17 years. Their energy put us to shame. They fed us grapes, water & gave advice on descending the mountain. The second 2nd group hiked with us to make sure we were ok & did not hurt ourselves. They too gave us a cold bottle of water & some local fruit. It was a wonderful experience & I was pleasantly surprised by how friendly & thoughtful the locals were. We had a magnificent view & an equally good time. The next time someone tells you to "go take a hike"...go to Bukhansan :)
Gems tucked in the woods!
Just outside Seoul is this gem. The Koreans take their hiking seriously and this national park is definitely something they should be proud of. As you approach the trails, there are food vendors, street vendors and outdoor stores that have everything you might need for a day or three hiking the mountains/woods of this park. There is even a handicapped path for those who have trouble with the rough terrain. Tucked into the mountainside are numerous temples as well as modern buildings that house nature schools. Even if it is a hot day, you can hike up high enough to reach the cooler altitudes. This park is definitely worth spending at least half a day if not longer to explore the nature and history of this beautiful country. 
Wwwoooo!!!!
To get such a true hiking experience a few minutes drive from a 20M metropolitin city is a real jem for nature lovers. It would hold 5 stars also on its own far away in the country side. I climed the Baegundae peak. It was a unique experience doing it alongside many Korean people from all ages (7-70 years), all so friendly. I took a taxi from city center. Took 30 minutes and Cost less than 20$. It is a 850 meters steep climb. So you have to be reasonably fit. The first 70% of the trail isshaded in the forest and the end is on a bare rock
Great Hike and break away from the city
I used to hike up this as I lived in Seoul. It was a wonderful solo hike in Autumn and Spring. Saw some lovely lanterns and people were friendly along the hike up. If you don't have the time, don't bother. Better for longer stay trips. 
A show never to forget!
The show was so fantastic it just blew my mind. The action, the rhythm the passion of the actors and actress were so good it just kept the audience enthralled. My family all enjoyed the the show!
Great exercise, beautiful views
A 45 minute subway ride to the Dobongsan Metro Stop. Don't be scared by all of the serious hiking gear - it is hard (you need the basics - water, snacks, trail runners, rain coat) for a half day hike if you are in decent shape. Great temples to see and views to be had. We loved getting out of the city for a little while and exercising!
awesome day hike
great place for a day trek.took a taxi from heoungdae with 3 other people to main entrance,was about 16000 won,took about 2.5 hrs to get up to the highest peak with a few breaks and a long stop (maybe 30 mins) at the top to admire the views and some food.the last 300m is almost a climb,its still pretty easy though and is well worth the hike,walking back down the otherside and back into the little town at the bottom with a bus station took about 1.5 hrs.so 4.5 hrs all up,easily done in a day.there is a few toilet stops along the way and heading down the other side had a little shop/cabin with the basics.there is some slippery spots on the trail so runners or hiking shoes are recommended .all in all a great day and the taxi back to heoungdae was about 21000 won as it was coming into peak hr.
A great change of pace
Bukhansan National Park was a pleasant discovery for me when I visited Seoul recently. Normally I do not seek out a nature day out when I go to a metropolis like Seoul, but this national park was literally in Seoul so I could not resist. About a 20-minute drive from downtown takes you to the park entrance. From there you get to the park office where the very helpful park ranger is stationed, then you can get onto one of the several hiking trails right away. The signboards here were clear and informative.I took probably the easiest route and only halfway at that because I had not come physically prepared for serious hiking. Along the way, there was a small stream and really lush springtime forest nature. What surprised me was the number of seniors walking the trails with ease. I reckon they must walk them everyday to be so fit. It was funny to see them decked out in full hiking gear, with professional walking sticks and many with a CD player strapped on blaring out Korean music.I imagine many foreigners would miss Bukhansan National Park due to the shopping and tons of activities in the city. However, if you are staying longer in Seoul or a repeat visitor like I was, this park is well worth checking out for a slow life day.
Beautiful Views!
This was a great place to hike, there were several routes, but we did a short one (3 hours round trip). The views were amazing. Good workout and trip away from the city. 
"Must visit place"
If you are in South Korea and want to have a memorable trip, then this is a must visit place. Awesome environment, great view, you will know only once you are there.Can be reached easily after you get down at Dobongsan Metro station. Just cross the hiking village and there is the entrance.Minimum 4 hours of visit. 
Get out of Seoul!
Take the subway to the north of Seoul, either until Suyu, Gupabal, Gileum, Bulwang or Dobongsan, actually everything is ok. Dobongsan is maybe the easiest though because you will arrive just next to some kind of hiking village. Just go through and you'll arrive at the entrance of the park. Otherwise, you need to take a bus which will bring you to the entrance. Basically, the best thing to do is to spot a korean hiker (with their flashy jackets, it's rather easy) and follow him untill the park. Then, when you arrive at the entrance, you'll see a big map which indicate the popular hiking trails and the difficulty and the time you'll need to reach your destination. You can then choose where you wanna go. Everything is beautiful so don't worry too much about your itinerary. On the way, make sure the visit the temples lost in the mountain. If you ever doubt about which direction to take, the hikers are usually very friendly and will be happy to indicate you the way. So just go there on a sunny day and enjoy the view!
Highly Recommeded, Beautiful Vistas and View of Seoul
I frequently visit Seoul on business and on one weekend I hiked Bukhansan with my colleagues. This is a serious hike during the summer to the summit peak and back down. I was impressed by beautiful mountain vista, bird eye view of Seoul city skyline and a temple. We didn't know and we were totally unprepared for the hike. Each person in our group hand carried 2 bottles of drinking water thinking, if we need it, we can buy additional water along the trail to summit. There is no store and we quickly ran out of water climbing up the mountain. Korean are gracious and very kind people. Total strangers were smiling and offering to share their water, fruits and some even invited us to the picnic. We politely declined picnic but glad to accept the water. We were totally blown away by their generosity. I highly recommend Bukhans and I plan to do hike again soon but during the spring or fall season when it is cooler. The mountain is spotless clean in spite of numerous groups having picnics, I saw most hikers carrying back down their own trash. We need to replicate the same in the USA.
Great hiking
I visited the park in midweek so managed to avoid the big crowds, still quite a few hikers there though with brightly colored Goretex jackets.. I got off the Metro at Gupabal, took the 704 bus and got off at the Bukhansanseong stop (just past the temple, follow the hikers !). This gate has a small town, walk up through the town (base camp !) - stock up there on water etc., not much of that in the park. I hiked up to the highest peak (Baegundae), which has an exciting chained section at the top on the bare steep rock. Quite a tough hike up very rocky sections to get to there, my muscles hurt after. After that I looped back via another peak, Wonhyobong, and then back to base camp for beer and chicken ! All in all about a 3-4 hour hike and some tough steep ascending/descending, great views. Also saw some rock climbers who were able to scale some of the more dangerous looking peaks which are 'restricted areas' if you don't have the rock climbing gear.
Great hiking experience in amazing nature & temples
Absutely amazing experience, but get prepared good shoes as it will be lots of climing & jumping downhill. We spend all day, fantastic day, good work out. Fantastic temples.
All had been said already
I spent a sunny Sunday in the park walking west to east. I took subway, got off at gupabal station on line 3. The bus to the park entry was easy to locate, hundreds of locals waiting on line for it at 9:30am! Started to climb at 10. I had prepared my itinerary on AlpineQuest so I knew exactly the way. I did around 15km and climbed many peaks including the highest one. There was so many people I constantly had to pass them to keep my pace. But had to queue a lot to get to the main peak. The East part was much nicer in that it was much more quiet and enjoyable. I reached by bus Suyu station on line 4, easy, I just followed some local hikers. I put a 5 grade because it is a beautiful Park and because it is so clean. Despite all families and groups having picnic, I didn't see a single waste during my day. Korean people are so respectful. We should all learn the lesson. 
Bukhansan- Baegundae peak
I visited Bukhansan- Baegundae peak at 895m height..approX.6km..wonderful experience and sports..u need to cross normal, advanced and expert trails for reaching to peak..so has all levels in one course..recommended..
True Korean Experience
Korea is a mountainous countryIf you have time, it worth following the thousands of people hiking (but walkable and not dangerous) Korean pass time...Enjoy the real nature and beauty of Korea, minutes from downtown Seoul. Recommend climbing up to Sunga-sa temple up Kugidong
Great hiking course in Seoul
I followed the course from entrance of Bukhansanseong to the peak, Baegindae. It was a little windy and snowing. Had to wait the queue to the top even in Thursday. Great scenery and it's worthwhile to sweat to the top. Came down to the way of fortress, where is not steep. There are gates, temples and command post in the fortress. 
Hiking is so Korean
Korean people climb mountains that is just what they do and it is a good thing they do because they make sure that these trails are well maintained and full of nice little extras like rope climbing up the side of a rockface. Which for people who like it a little bit more extreme at least gives them a faux feeling of challenge, while the novice can still have an easy enough time. The military bases near by might be slightly off putting as well they force the hiker to adhere rigidly to set paths, but overall and excellent day spent.
for those rock mountain climbers
this mountain was good in its vicinity within the city, it was little inconvenient in that it had no food stall inbetween the halfway through mountain climbing like water or simple food, like Gimbap or ice-cream especially in summer.
Great hikes and climbing right next to Seoul
The park is easily accessible right next to Seoul. The views are also really awesome on clear days. It can be a bit packed in some areas as it is right next to the city and Koreans do love hiking. There is some good climbing on the granite peaks too. You have to be patient with the amount of people that you'll most likely encounter. Don't expect to be the only people out in the mountains. 
Nice view at Bukhansan
It was an amazing experience to climb Bukhansan mountain. from the downtown in Seoul, it takes about just 30~40minutes to get here. On the peak of Bukhansan, very nice Seoul view you can enjoy.
Great Hiking
Bukhansan is an amazing place. You could go every single weekend and hike different areas at different skill levels. Some of the trails include rope climbing and pulling yourself up steep areas via steel rails, so be aware of that before going. It caught us by surprise when we went expecting a casual hike as opposed to climbing. The park is easily an all day experience with rest areas and some vending machines at the base of the park.
Wonderful escape from the city
What a neat experience. Beautiful even in the winter. The trails are great although a little confusing. Plenty of interesting sights along the trails. Koreans love their hiking and this is a great place for that.
Hiking for All!
Great Korean hiking experience. We have hiked three different trails with four kids (10, 7, 5, and 2+/-). We have a special back pack for the youngest. Depending on the trail and time it can be busy with other hikers. Recommend taking public transportation. We drove one time and had to wait a looooonnng time for parking. Pay attention to the trail difficulties so you don't get in a tough spot pending your skill level. I thought the trails to be reasonable marked and blogs have good information. Pick up a map at the ranger station prior to going up and take plenty of water. The views are great and neat sites to hike to such as temple or old fortress gates.
Excellent Rock Climbing
Avoid the weekends but during the weekdays, it's an excellent get away for a bit of nature, sweeping view of the city and fabulous rock climbing. 
Beautiful
The humidity when I was here was crushing. The scenery was wonderful and we met many smiling and happy Koreans who were happy to help us find our way.
A refreshing start for hikers
Bukhansan Mt consist of few trails and I did the Baegundae Peak Trail, it is a really easy and refreshing trail, the view is nice, a waterfall on the mid hike is also a good spot for a short breather. It's only take me 1 hour and 45minutes up, and its definitely stunning. For those who want to have a good time at the peak to enjoy the view of Seoul, do the hike early in the morning, because it will be a little bit crowded started from 10 in the morning.
Escape into a scroll painting
I have hiked in Sorak-San, Cheju-do and other national parks - all stunning. But I regret that it has taken me fifteen years of visiting Korea to finally venture 30minutes out of Seoul to experience this gem of a park. The English version of the National Park website has plenty of good information. Note that even in the dead of winter the trails will be crowded so rise early to beat the rush and enjoy the early light of day. The Baekundae Peak is the highest pinnacle and a breathtaking panoramic view of the park and greater Seoul. Take the No 3 Metro to Gubapal Station and then the 704 bus to the park entrance. It is a proper work out scaling the top but well worth the effort. I recommend the restaurant "Mansukjang" at the base for a very memorable meal. Built as an old style Korean house, it overlooks the mountain range in the distance and sits over the river. Excellent food.
My favorite national park
This attraction has got wonderful views and the weather was awesome when I went there. It is in South Korea (Seoul). I was surprised to see that there were trials for everyone at this place. The place has fantastic scenery and it is close to the city. It also has a part, hiking here is famous, and I really loved this place. The mountains were beautiful and amazing. Remember to get information down the mountain and then star hiking as everything above is written in Korean. If you are a nature lover, you are sure to fall in love with this place. Great place and it is now my favorite national park.
Be careful in the Winter
I went on December 2013, and fresh snow just fell. I was there hiking by myself. I got there at 2pm, which was too late to go up the peak, but I tried to hike for 2 hours. (I'm not a hiker. Just an average person with average stamina.)There was no one really hiking with me because I accidentally took the wrong trail in the forest (I can't read the korean signs and there's no English anywhere). I slipped and fell two times, which is pretty dangerous since no one's around me to help if I broke anything. Then I went on the more scenic trail , which was great. There were more people around me, and it was an easier hike. Don't get to the mountain late like I did, or else you'll miss out. You should be on the train or bus by 9am in order to get there by 10:30am. Take at least 4 hours for hiking. And make sure to bring a lot of trail mix and water. How to get there: go to the Gireum train station on line 4, and then take bus 704 (there are other buses, but I took 704)
beautiful
very beautiful views and the weather is fine ( though it is -1 that day ) ... anyway i did enjoy the honey pen cake up there on that mountain small food court. very cute :)
A trail for everyone
There are numerous trails, from those for walkers to trails for the extreme mountain climber. Always great views and something to see the mountains in this range are great in any season.
Bukhansan
Close to the city, great views, beautiful scenery. On a clear day you can see the sea from the top. Most scenic in Autumn but adventurous in the winter
Beautiful autumn colours
1 day hiking in this park was definitely worth it, it's a bit demanding physically but great to escape the big city life! Beautiful nature and mountains! On my top 3 of Seoul!
B-E-A -utiful!
Wow... this park is beautiful! It is defo worth the hike and the effort! If you go to the peak then you'll be faced with the most amazing views!Getting there is rather confusing because everything is in Korean. You just need to get directions to one of the Metro stops that will link you to a bus that will go there. Once you get off the metro, best bet is to ask someone which bus to take, or just follow the hundreds of Koreans that will be going there.
Very beautiful winter trek
It's my first solo trip to Seoul. I really take my time up as I did not really prepare myself for such a long hike took me about 3 to 4 hour up and slightly faster down. It's very hard work and many times I thought of giving up. But I really glad I push on as the view at the peak is breath taking. On the way up the scenery are very nice too. Despite winter, it does not feel too cold or warm as the hike up is not exactly relaxing too. It's a great achievement for one and I recommend anyone who have a bit of fitness to try hiking up. It's worth every bit even if only doing it once in this life time. 
Lovely national park
If you like hiking, this a perfect place for you. A lot of well maintained trails, plenty of wild nature and friendly locals the doesn't speak English but eager to help. We tackled the highest peak in the park: Baegundae Peak. It is a challenging trail but very safe with railings and ropes.
Great Park
Second time to this National Park and thoroughly enjoyed our hiking experience. Lots of hikers - old and young alike - all enjoying the experience. Subway from Ilsan with folks dressed in full hiking gear but not actually a necessity - a truly Korean experience - get some and try to blend in. The bus ride through Gupabal to the mountain although packed is also part of the overall Bukhansan hiking day - packed in like sardines and then off to enjoy the mountain.
Go early and miss the crowds
We rose early and started hiking around 7 am. This was a good move on one of the busiest days for hiking in hiking mad Korea. No early crowds and in fact very few people at all. The trails are not all that well signposted but that adds to the adventure. Amazing views of Seoul.
To get away - almost
Was an excellent destination to hike and walk. Select a side trail and it is possible to get away from the crowd. We did a Wednesday hike and it was tremendous and quiet other than right nearthe entrance area.
Breathtaking views!
My hike up one of the trails was well traveled with many people during the Thanksgiving Holiday week for South Koreans. Even though the trails were crowded, the views were spectacular! A definite must see while in South Korea!
Enjoy it as much as we did!
Be prepared for a challenge to find someone who can speak English but it is worth. The view is stunning – in all directions. My son said it was better than Grampians in Victoria and Blue Mountains in New South Wales, both in Australia. For me it was as good as the other two (I love Australia). Definitely worth going. On the way you can buy – if you need – hiking equipment. I found and amazing backpack I could not resist buying.
Good for novice hiker too!
My friends and I took the subway to Dobongsan station, crossed the road and followed the path of hiking gear stalls and local eateries all the way to the rangers office. We asked the stall keepers and they pointed the way to the entrance. There were gloves, sticks, hiking clothes of all budget available. I think it's really worth buying some while you are in Seoul. Where else can one get a long sleeve, colourful hiking shirt at 10,000 won, gloves at 3000 won and neon arm protectors at 3000 won? The Koreans were very well prepared for hiking. All dressed up and lots of gear. The higher end hiking shops are near the rangers office. Lonely Planet calls the office a "ticket office" but we don't need to pay to hike. At the rangers office, we were helped by the ranger who spoke English to find an easy route to a nearby peak called Uiam. See photo. We started with paved roads until we came to lots of rocks, steps etc. Along the way, there were streams, temples, bridges and plenty of clambering over rocks. There were also toilets so not to worry. Buy snacks, fruits, drinks along the walk from the subway to the entrance so you can have a picnic where ever you wish, including near the stream. We bought coffee, mandarin oranges and grapes to enjoy. Lots of middle aged Koreans were enjoying themselves this way, dipping feet into the streams. When we were about 200 m from Uiam, a couple advised us not to go further as we were not wearing proper hiking shoes and gestured to us that it was slippery. We took their advice and came down. The short exercise took us about 1.5 - 2 hours. As we came down from Bukhansan, we ate at the restaurants which served grilled fish, birds etc. The fish was delicious but lots of bones. The birds were too tiny to enjoy. Altogether, it was a fun and doable hike for novices like me and a wonderful break from hectic shopping and feasting in Seoul.
See Seoul from the surrounding mountainside
After visiting SeoDaemun prison, this is a great hike through the mountains surrounding Seoul. A colleague of mine actually used this trail to hike much of the mountainous area around Seoul. Be sure to bring snacks and water as you won't find any up here. What you will find is a few hikers, tiny temples, and trails around rock formations. A great hike!
Seoul at your feet
This place is really gorgeous, we went up from Bukhansanseong information center to Bohyenbong peak, than down on a shorter way the otherside, passed next to temple, left our worries behind at rocks. I found it quite challenging and not what I expected in terms of level of difficulty, I was lucky to wear hiking shoes, but my friend wore gym shoes and was saved only by his level of fitness. You need a good grip to be comfortable and feel safe on the rocks.This is an amazing place, but it's not an easy walk in the forest, you do get to climb, hold on to rope and struggle towards the end especially. But in the end it all worth it, and not only in the end but all the way, if you give yourself time to look around, nature will pay you for all your sweat. We went on Saturday and it was crowded, but I didn't mind, you see lovely Korean people of all ages; as you go up they say something like "Hyte!" I didn't have a clue what it means, but it keeps you going and smiling and it feels like "Go on!", "You can do it!", "Keep walking!"My recommendation would be to take water, something to munch on and good shoes, can't stress enough on this, does half the job, if you have gloves and towel as well, better for you. Enjoy the lovely view of Seoul from the mountain top!!
Outstanding hiking opportunities
Some of the best hiking trails I've ever been on - you must try the 5 Peaks (Obong) trail or the Bukhansan mountain trail.
Difficult but worth
It is an enjoyable trip to go to Bukhansan National Park. However, it is a tough trip. At the entrance to the Park, it is easy. You can enjoy the natural scene. However, the high you go, the more difficult to climb. Don't forget to bring with you hiking gears, and gloves.
Great place to how with astonishing views
Really a great place to how a bit. I was there on a Monday with high temperature und humidity. So if you go in summer make sure you have enough to drink. I started at the West side and went over Bugungdae to the other side. The view from the peak is absolutely worth going up there.Also the remains of the wall are very interesting. Even so i was there on a Monday, I was never really alone. That is Ok, because Koreans are open and I soon had companions, who even shared there lunch with me. 
great hike and temples
Great hike and the temples were amazing. take your camera and fill your backpack with water/food as the locals will stop and take breaks and enjoy a snack and water before stretching and starting out again. mostly middle to older aged people the day I went. everyone looked shocked to someone (American) out hiking the trails. not for young children, the trails are well maintained, carry out what you carry in.
One of the Top Hikes I Have Exerperinced
This was one of the most beautiful hikes I have been on. There are plenty of little shops at the bottom in case you need to hydrate or want to each. They hike is gorgeous and the trails well maintained. Not recommended for very small children. However, I hiked it 5 months pregnant and my husband hiked it with a 35 pound kid on his back. It is not very technical, but some places can be pretty step. As with all other mountains we have been on in S. Korea, there are lots of local hiking and they are always polite and courteous. This is a must do hike, even for the novice.
Beautiful mountains & temples along the hike
Highly recommend this place if you have more than two days here. I was only here three full days, but made time for it. You must stop at some of the temples along the way. It was a very unique experience as I took part in meditation at the temple and met a guy who works there and explained the history. Definitely more of a hike than I anticipated, but the views were worth it. If you don't want a ton of people, do not go on the weekend (especially Sunday). On the other hand, it was interesting to see everyone (families, singles, couples, older folks) hiking...especially the neon colors and full gear like they were going to hike for days! Only about 50 minutes from the city center via metro. 
Very good place to visit
Avoid weekends. Interesting park with an ancient wall. Close to the city centre and easy to reach. Worth to go if you like hiking
if you are okay with the crowds, it is a beautiful hike
we did the dobongsan to mulwongsa (spell) hike, which is about 5.5 miles. Loved that we could walk right from the station, pass a mini shopping area and right up to the mountains. passed a few temples on our ascent and descent. Love the tradition of drinking and eating good food after the ascent. 5 stars for bukhansan but also hiking in Korea. If one is not a big fan of crowds, AVOID the weekends or any holidays. 
Great outdoor activity...
We decided to visit this park as it was within Seoul city limits. Additionally, there was public transportation to the park. From Seoul Station we took line 1 to Dobongsan Station. It took about 40 minutes to get there. It was a rainy day but we decided to get to the park anyways. After getting off at the Dobongsan station, we walked about 30 minutes before getting to one of the park entrances. Excellent for hiking at all levels. We wandered in the park for about two hours and had a great time. Very well preserved and clean. The transportation in Seoul is excellent. As previously mentioned, the day was foggy and drizzling therefore, we didn't get the best view of the peaks but it was worth going and walking in the park for a couple of hours. Enjoy!! 
Whether you want adventurous or mellow hike, this mountain offers all
The nicest thing about this mountain range is that, it is located right next to Seoul. It is very easy to get to. It does have some rough hikes if you go high up, or it now has dul-le-gil, which is basically a hiking route around the mountain which you can access from many points around the city. You can hike just few hours and come down for meals and coffee or you can hike for days.
Lovely hikes, but many Hikers during weekend !
hieasy and quick (approx 1 hrs by subway) access from Seoul.very good prepared walking paths (most parts are in the shadow), impossible to get lost , just follow the crowds or grap a map from the tourist info. we did it on a public holiday. for me there were to many hikers around us ;-)cheers
Hiker's Heaven
Do you like hiking? Doesn't matter. I don't, but I still made my way to the top and the work paid off with some excellent views of the city.Maybe not the best idea if you think that you are going to be getting away from the city, because 1000's of locals also have the same idea and will be joining you on your way to the top and you might even find that it's a little crowded at the top when everyone is having a picnic. Still, a pretty cool way to see the locals is by going for a hike. Tip: bring your camera and buy some snacks at the bottom for when you get to the top. 
Amazing Hike!
Definitely one of the highlights of our Korea trip!Our first hiking experience and it was great to soak in the beautiful nature and the scenery from the top was gorgeous.The hiking trails are clearly marked out and there are trails of varying difficulty to suit you.The mountain isnt too far from the city centre so it is quite easy to fit it into your plans.Do prepare a set of comfortable attire to hike in, hiking in tight jeans was quite tiresome. And start your hike early as night hikes are not allowed.We started at 4pm and had to pretty much rush our way to the top.
amazing that such a place exists so close to Seoul
it's an absolutely breathtaking experience to see such beautiful and majestic mountains right on the outskirts of the city. not just any green and boring mountain, but this one is made of huge boulders. definitely a refreshing experience to get away from the bustle of the city
Get off the Subway and take a Hike
There are several ways to get to this mountain; I got off at Bulgwang Station on the Orange/Brown line transfer station. If its Sunday there will be Hundreds of Korean hikers at the train station, because this is the day most Koreans go hiking. There are lots of shops and places to eat or get coffee near the train station. There are also some gear shops and street vendors. Then you can either walk east down Jinheung-ro (road) or take a bus the trail head, it's about a half a mile. There is a bus stop right across the street. You will know you are in the right place when you see a park with playground equipment to the North. You should also see some more street vendors and probably some more hikers. If you enter the tunnel you went to far. The trail head looks like an alley, but quickly starts going uphill. Wear comfortable shoes that will grip the rock, like running shoes or light hikers. Most of the way up is rock. There are several spots to stop and take in the view and have a quick snack or lunch on the rocks. Once you hit the peak you will get some fantastic views of Seoul, on a clear day you can see Seoul tower. Don't forget your camera on this hike. On the way down you can take the Tangchoon trail that will put you at another trail head just on the other side of the Jinheung-ro tunnel, you can either walk back to Bulgwang Station or take the bus. Another option is to continue on the Tangchoon trail and end up at Nokbeon Station (Orange Line). This trail is pretty easy, and will give you some nice views on a well maintained trail. If you are a Geocacher there are several great Geocaches along this route. I visited in the Winter of 2011, This hike should be ok to hike all year around.
Nice hiking
You can get here by taking some of the local buses up the mountain past the university and then start a hike along the fortress wall - really nice views and very interesting. The mountain is beyond the palace in Seoul. Make sure you go early though as there are check points on the hike that close at 3pm - meaning you can't progress on the hike and will have to go back down the way you came. This unfortunately happened to us so we didn't make it all the way along the wall, however we still enjoyed the hike that we did get in. Also not many of the people working at the park were fluent in English so communication can be more tricky. 
Great for right in Seoul
I really like how you can go hiking from so close to Seoul. This is a nice mountain with a good view of the city. Of course, being located so close to Seoul makes it pretty busy, so expect to see lots of others. 
Great hiking within Seoul
You will never believe you are inside Seoul. Take a subway to Dobongsan Station (Lines 1 and 7) and it is obvious where the hiking is. Some of the trails have ropes or even steel cables to hang on to, they are so steep. Others are gentle slopes up mountain streams. Be prepared for crowds on the weekend!
One of the best places to hike in Seoul
Along with Gwanaksan in the South, Bukhansan in the North is one of the best places to hike. TO get to the top takes a few hours, so pack a lunch and lots of water. Also, if you can go with a hiking group it is always nice as they can show you some of the rock features, guide you to the trail head, and be nice people to share a hike with. I don't hike on Bukhansan that much, but I do on Gwanaksan, and Korean mountains often have lots of intertwining trails. I would suggest getting the lay of the land first, or having a GPS, but I would highly recommend taking secondary trails over primary trails as the primary trails are often overcrowded, particularly on the weekend. On the minor trails you can hike for hours without seeing many people, and the people you do see are usually small groups and not mega groups that create traffic jams.
Bukhansan national park - 4 hours trip
We visited the park in January and there was about 5cm of snow. Great landscapes, beautifull nature. We did not have nice views because whole Seoul was completely covered by smog fog. But we are sure if there won ´t be smog, the views´ll be amazing. There are many hiking tracks, long and short ones you can choose from. Be carefull, because there are more entrances to the park. If you plan to see a specific part of the park, you should know where exactly you have to start. Because the park is large, you might not be able to reach the place you wanted, because your starting point ´ll be too far. Also the budhistic temples and fortresses were very nice. If possible we would rather spent more time - at least few days there - but also 4 hours were worth to do it.
New trail established
Koreans love hiking, but if you're not in shape to scale the big mountains you might try the newly established train around the base. It takes you through older up-scale neighborhoods and then back into the mountain scape.
worth the time
we went on a sunday morning and, despite the cold (it snowed heavily the night before), we saw many hikers along the way. i'm not an experienced hiker but bukhansan was quite manageable, just that it gets a bit steeper closer to the peak. we planned to hike to baegundae peak but got lost along the way, switched to wonhyobong peak. thankfully there were signs along the way. the scenery is amazing, especially with all those snow - felt like we were in a winter wonderland. it's a good 3 to 4 hours hike, do bring along some food and drinks. otherwise, there are shops at the foot of the mountain where you can grab coffee and some snacks after the hike. if you're intending to hike in winter prepare crampons and trekking poles, they will really come in useful.directions: get off at exit 1 of Gupabal station and you'll see many people at the bus stop. take bus 704. announcements are made in both korean and english. it's highly unlikely you'll get lost - get off at the stop where majority of the folks carrying hiking gears alight (koreans are well-prepared hikers!).
Worth a day out any season (if you are a hiker)
Bukhansan is a gem for hard core hikers like me as it was easily assessible by public transport. A good alternative to Soraksan on the eastern coast if you have not got time as a bus trip there would take you good 4-5 hrs journey.To get Bukhansan ("san" means mountain in chinese/japanese/korean), go on the Metro and head for Suyu station (line 4), take exit 3, walk about 25 meters to bus stand in middle of road and take bus 120 to last stop (bus terminal). There is a town with many winter gears shops selling hiking clothes and accessories (i could not find any crampons for sale)From terminal, you can either wait for the shuttle bus for uphill (or walk 2km) hourney to entrance of park.There are many trails leading to various lookout points where you can see Seoul. The mountain is well sign posted with distance indicated under the sign posts but i seemed to have missed out on the Bukhansanseong fortress which is mentioned by a TA contributor below as i did not read prior about that attraction in the description or hike sign posts along the wayOverall you must have a certain level of fitness to hike up (1 to 2 hours or longer each way depending on your fitness) before you arrive at any look out point. The beautiful look out is worth the effort. Not a steep or difficult hike but as it snowed heavily I could have gone further with crampons as ice formation (black ice) made certain paths slippery.Check out my pixes on a hike at first snow (in Dec). As a hiker this is a bonus having not to travel too far out of Seoul for a snow hike.
Bukhansan - Seoul's National Park
The highlights of Bukhansan National Park are the enornous granite boulders near the peak, and the historic fortress. The park gets very busy during the weekends, so if possible visit during a weekday. Located just north of Seoul is a blessing and a curse. This is Korea's most easily accessed national park, however it recieves so much foot traffic trails can be difficult to locate sometimes. The views from the peak are tremendous, and it offers a great view of northern Seoul. Being so close to Seoul, Bukhansan is not immune to pollution or hazy views of the city, but for the most part visiting the park is a excellent day trip and break from the Seoul metropolis.Bukhansanseong is Seoul's northern fortress, Namhsansanseong being the southern fortress. Both were built to protrect Seoul from invasion in the 17th century, partly a response to the disastrous Imjin War (1592). The 9.5 km fortress is located within the national park. The fortress was built as more of a protective barrier, so don't expect the same large structures found in other Korean fortresses.I enjoyed my day trip quite a bit, but I only give 4 stars because Namhansanseong is a more impressive fortress, and as far as national parks go Bukhansan is rather minor compared to Seoraksan, Hallasan, Jirisan, and Songnisan. I recommend visiting this national park, but if you have time please take a day or two and see some of Korea's most famous national parks.
Make the effort
In 6 months of living in Seoul, we have visited this park half a dozen times and have some awesome photos, had some amazing views and great experiences. Well worth the effort if you enjoy being outdoors and a bit of exercise!
Rocky hike
We started off the hike to Baegundae peak at 9am then finished it and arrived again down the mountain at 3pm. It was not an easy hike. Trails are rocky, big rocks. And before reaching the peak, you must be able to pull yourself on a steep rock. Good thing there were steel wires to help you.but all this was worth it once you're on top. You can see the whole city of Seoul. However note that it's not easy as well going down. TIP: Wear hiking gear! Chucks won't help you this time. 
Wonderful day out
Took underground from CIty Hall to Dobongsong Station, then just followed all the other hikers. Went on a weekday and it was still pretty busy, I'd hate to see how busy it got during the weekend. Went first week in November and the autumn colours were spectacular. Took about 4 1/2 hours round trip from the information hut. The last 1/2 hour is very strenuous but well worth it for the view at the top.
Good hiking experience
Close to the down town. Just around 30 minutes traffic from Myeong-dong to Bukhansan (Not include the long queue up of waiting bus). The trail is challenging. Need more preparation for the hike. The sign here mostly only in Korean.
Bukhansan Hike
You have to be in shape to make it to the top. Be prepared for at least a 2 hour climb and bring a couple water bottles and a snack. Very pretty, but not the most quiet or pretty mountain in Seoul. Try Ansan for a more laid back climb.
Unique Experience
Started the trip with a taxi ride to Waryong Park. The walk took a total of 2plus hours at a comfortable pace but due to the ups and downs of the fortress will not recommend for those with weak knees. The walk brings you away from the hectic pace of Seoul city while technically still in the middle of the city. Great view of Seoul city and the hills around it.
Best Outdoor Experience in Seoul
There are few major cities in the world where, after a 15 minute bus ride, you find yourself at the foot of a mountain paradise. Granted, one has to be willing to hike in order to enjoy it, but the paths are well marked and the hour or two required to hike to the fortress or one of the temples near the top is well worth it. I usually start from Gugi-dong and climb to either Sungga-sa temple (45 minute walk, or Daenam-mun Gate of the fortress at top (about 90 minutes). It's a different world up there and Seoul, while so close, seems really far away.
A serious climb, seriously worth it.
Living not far from Bukhansan, I am a frequent visitor. Usually choosing to take the path up the mountain from "Bukhan Song" entrance which is served by the 704 bus that runs from central Seoul out to the park.  You will need to take water and snacks with you and be prepared for a 80 minute to two hour climb. The last bit of the climb is particularly challenging and not for the faint hearted but there are steps and steel ropes which make the path quite safe, and you can always call on your fellow hikers for help. The view from the top mainly looks out over suburbs of Seoul, so lots of apartments, and the views looking within the park are particularly stunning.  People go up the mountain whatever the weather, but if you can, choose a day with a clear sky that isn't too hot. 
just do it
So you're in Seoul and you think you want to get some fresh air and exercise. Or maybe you're decked out in North Face gear and think it's time to put it to good use. Bukhansan is a great mountain for all levels of hikers. There are different trails and places to stop for rest along the way. The other hikers are very friendly as well.
Nomal mountain in Korea.
Bukhansan is one of the nomal mountains that are located in near Seoul.Korea have many verity beautiful mountains.....It's a pitty that only few visitor hike mountain.Korea are composed with territory of 70% mountainous region.I hope that many visitor vist Korea inland mountains.
Break from the crowds
This is a lovely break from the crowds and noise in Seoul. There are several Temples in the park. Look for restaurants that will have the "regional" speciality such as Bori-bap( barley rice with vegies) on the south end, or on the north end, Toki Tang, rabbit stew or for the more adventurous Bo-shin tang , dog stew. 
Nice cooling refreshing outdoors
nice long walk around the National Park, refreshing air and scenic view. Good to visit during the winter where lots of snow. But careful as certain places are slippery to walk if the path becomes icy.
Earthly
Great place to feel the earth beneath your feet. Easy walking and climbing with spectacular views
If you want a challenging hike
Go to Gupabal station. Just outside will be an info kiosk with. Ice people who speak English to tell you which bus to take to hike. Just follow the other hikers off the bus! Lots of upscale stores and also a marketplace for supplies. We just wore running shoes and were fine; I did get a trekking pole for $5 USD in the market. Road for a while, then trail, then literally just rocks. Once in a while a chain fence to help pull yourself up the trail. Lush forest. Near top is the fun part-- steel cable to literally pull yourself up the sheer rock, but everyone was doing just fine. Korean flag at top and great views. You do have to be somewhat in shape to do this hike. I've hiked the Grand Canyon; while that was longer, this was definitely more "technical.". Cheap way to get out of the city and enjoy some relatively strenuous physical activity
Great!
A fantastic day of trekking only an hour from the city by train. I did this in May at a weekend and, whilst it was very busy, the crowds thinned out towards the peak and it was then pretty quiet along the ridge line. The route is currently being developed and they are building wooden steps up to the sumit. Whilst this is a shame in many ways, if it means more people can experience a mountain, then maybe fair enough. Make surer you bring plenty of water as it was pretty hot when I visited (despite some of the locals inexplicably wearing outer shell jackets and gortex hats!).
respite from the busy city
One of the things that makes Seoul a world class city-- it this brilliant escape from the city, easily accessed by the subway. Hiking trails galore (sometimes too busy on pleasant weekends, but still. . .) Full of cultural relics and wonderful hikes . . . if you venture out far enough, it can feel very far from the maddening crowds!
BEAUTIFUL
We went here with a tour group and spent the whole weekend trekking around and wow was it perfectly gorgeous. An excellent climb for novices and experienced hikers alike. The views from the top are simply stunning. I would say that fall and spring might be the best times to go... best weather and scenery.
Want some hiking in Seoul?
There are many mountains in Seoul and Bukhansan is just one of them. It is loved my many locals and there are many hiking trails. It is safe to visit the mountain with locals at first and don't forget to take enough water. Also if you are not prepared for the steep mountain why not try the "dulegil" which goes around the mountain. 
Beautiful views, up is easier than down!
I climbed this mountain with my friend and it was amazing. It was a really rough work out, but it's worth it. The views from the top are amazing. Be careful on the way down though because the rocks are uneven and one wrong step and you have sprained or broken your ankle....like I did HEHEHE. However, thanks to Korea and their amazing health care, I got a free helicopter ride off of the mountain, an ambulance for me and then an ambulance for my friend to follow me in! Thank goodness for Korean health care!
Be prepared for the hike - just like what the locals do
I went for this hike without knowing what to expect or what to bring. I went in my city clothes and a very comfortable pair of Timberland. The Koreans turned up in full hiking gear - backpack, good, water, walking sticks, hiking shoes, etc. Half an hour into the hike, I realised why all those gear are needed. Please come prepared. The hike is about 2 km up. There are numerous rest points on the way for a picnic - which i didn't get to enjoy because I didn't pack food. I'll do better next time! =)
Trek north seoul
this easy access national park is crowded on week end but offer nice trekvor trail even climbing sharp.It may be hard in wintet with ice or snow but max 8 hr for longer trail.Beautifull color in spring and fall. Hot in summer A Sunny picnic over there is also charming
Fantastic nature retreat within easy reach from Seoul
Bukhansan is a deeply enchanting forest park, and very easy to get to. I used the entrance at Gupabal stn, orange line. At the station there's a map of the whole park and bus directions (some in English). Bus No. 704 takes you to Bukhansan Seong. The way to the mountains is lined with hiking gear shops, convenience stores, restaurants etc, so there's no shortage of places to get supplies. It was a humid summer day; the forest was lush and lovely. Many paths doubled as creek beds, and there were some challenging moments along the way. For those sharp rocky paths good hiking shoes are a must. There were English markers throughout, and just enough pointers, bridges and woven walkways to maintain the feeling of safety but not disrupt the immersion into nature. I hiked for five hours, and stopped for pictures a lot. I was happy with my decision to take a circuitous approach to Baegundae peak; this gave plenty of time in the woods among waterfalls and varied terrain. From the park's entrance I followed the path to Yonghaksa, then veered left toward Bukhansan Shelter, then left again following the pointers toward Baegundae itself. It was exciting that the climb was pretty tough: it involved a lot of pulling yourself up along metal ropes. There were just enough indentations into the rock face to always keep you 'on your toes'. I recommend bringing rubberized gloves for the climb, like the Koreans do. The peak was wrapped in a cloud, so I got zero views but plenty of soft foggy void, which was more fascinating than the vistas (if you've seen many already).After the climb I descended toward Baegundae Information Center which marks another entrance/exit of the park leading into Ui-dong neighborhood with a bus stop announced in English. Bus No.109 goes to Hyehwa stn. (which itself is a great central area). I wouldn't recommend Ui-dong as an entry point to the park, as the interminable driveway can be discouraging, and the forest path gets steep fast. Instead, I'd recommend Gupabal, from where there are paths leading into all parts of the park.
National Park on Seoul's Doorstep
I am shocked that there are only two reviews of the National Park just a 30 minute metro ride from Central Seoul, but then again, I never saw any Non-Koreans on my second visit to the park.How to get there: As the Park covers 80 sq. km when you search for how to get there you'll have more than one option. I took Line 1 (you can also take Line 7) to Dobongsan Station, use exit 1, and follow the throngs of avid Korean hikers towards the mountain with the rocky butte atop it. *Please note, when I took line 1 the train only went to Seokgye Station, everyone got off and then it went back in the opposite direction. I just had to exit the platform walk twenty feet to the other platform and board the train that would eventually get me to Dobongsan. I am unsure if it was just maintenance or if this is the normal route. When I returned in the evening I didn't have to change trains at Seokgye. I don't speak Korean, so the train announcements were lost on me. Just be aware that if all passengers exit a train and you're the only one left sitting by yourself, best to get off and look for a train continuing on along an another track/platform at the station :)Once you're off the train at Dobongsan, use exit 1, cross the street and walk straight up the gravel road and past all the open air restaurants, you'll eventually come to the road leading to the entrance (about a 5 minute walk). As you get closer you will see a small mountain stream, a lovely bridge and small amphitheatre and further on you will walk past lots and lots of Hikers stores (Korean love to hike and love to completely outfit themselves from head to toe in gear). At the foot of the entrance is a park services station that has maps and english speaking officers that can help you plan out your hike.My 5 hour hike: I took the easiest route up the moutain by way of the Uiam path. This was a 2.5km hike that was moderate and only took one hour and was great as you get to walk past a couple of temples and is a good warm up. From Uiam I walked along the ridgeline and hiked up to the peak of Jaunbong for an absolutely incredible view. This portion of the hike is 3 km, and with a break for lunch, photos, and water, it took nearly 2 hours. There are some areas of slope and parts with railings and ropes to pull yourself up, but I saw hikers as young as 12 and as old as 60 managing the climb. On the climb down I met some English speaking Koreans, and all of a sudden had hiking companions for the 1.5 hour climb down and the subsequent drinking of alcoholic beverages afterwards which I've found to be a common occurrence wherever I've hiked in Korea.Be aware that there is a reason all the locals wear all that gear. A proper pair of hiking boots or cross trainer running shoes, layers of clothing (rain protection just in case), plenty of water, fruit, and chocolate bars are a must. Don't attempt the park in half a day, give yourself at least a full day to enjoy the park. I had great weather for my hike and have posted pictures.If you've got the time, the appropriate footwear, and an adventurous spirit, then I would highly recommend an escape from urban Seoul with a day at Bukhansan National Park
I did not make it on top
But the mountain was gorgeous! I will return to this place using the other side for goin up/down the Peak. It was a wonderful autumn.
Challenge ACCEPTED!
I would say this hike starts of pretty comfortable but perpare yourself because it may take you at least 2 hours to get up. As you hike higher up this mountain it becomes a bit more strenuous. At a certain point right below the summit you have to climb up the "never-ending" steep stairs, then use a rope that is provided to help pull yourself up. There were many people on this hike it was well trafficked. The view is breath taking.BRING lots of water and snacks to eat along the way. 
Better than Hallasan
The view at the top is much better than the view at Hallasan on Jeju Island. Hallasan is a little more difficult, maybe, but this mountain is actually beautiful. The scenery starts to look amazing after climbing maybe 2/3 of the way to the top. Favorite hike so far
Morning hike
Excellent area for hiking as long as you start early otherwise it gets very crowded. After reading some reviews, we opted to follow someone and actually made a friend with a very kind hiker who stayed with us till the peaks. Many thanks to him, this made the experience even more memorable. We were on our own for the way back and struggled a bit to find our way as the directions are not so well indicated and there are many many trails. We managed to get back to our starting point eventually. Very good viewpoints, definitely not an easy hike. Hiking shoes recommended, some climbing.Good exercise for a Sunday morning.We came from Intercontinental coex, took the subway (9 then 3), about 1.5h to get there, less than $2 per person! Go by yourself, you don’t need a guide or bus or car. Traffic in Seoul is bad, the subway is for sure faster!
Lovely views!!
I went hiking by myself and was a little worried whether I could find the way to the top or not but it's well signed and I had no trouble getting up there. It's a lovely hike, I was there when all the autumn colours came out and the views from the top are spectacular! Really beautiful and so nice to be out of the city and surrounded by nature and breath in fresh air. Take some food and drinks with you and you'll have the best day! 
Solo female hiker in autumn
Read the reviews and made this a must visit during my recent trip to Seoul. Did a weekday hike to avoid crowds. Set off from air bnb place in Bulgwang and proceeded to take metro to Gupabal station and then take exit 3. There is a bus stand just behind the street level entrance to the station where you take bus #704. There are also other buses which go to Bukhanseong Fortress entrance. Ask Driver to inform you when to get off as it is about 15 mins bus trip. The Park entrance is across the street. Along the way there are lots of factory outlet type shops selling branded hiking/winter gear which is quite handy. Usually there are groups of hikers going up. Would be best to trail behind them but there are sign posts too. However when coming down there are many forks in the road which you may get lost unless you follow a group. The locals seem to come from different areas, Tourists from another. Please do make sure you wear proper hiking boots and not trainers as the rocks are rather steep and slippery especially for the last part of the hike. It took me just over 2 hours to reach peak with some picture taking and water breaks. Stayed at peak and ate lunch and took more pictures! Take your time and enjoy the hike. Autumn is a nice time to go as weather is cool. Bring some extra food for the lovely cats up there!
Great hike
Great hike up the Bukhan mountain - definitely challenging enough, but not too hard and anyone without serious health issues should be able to do go up in a few hours. The final 300m ascent is something else, but the view and satisfaction is worth it!
Great hike
Yes, this is definitely a hike, but we saw people of all ages there hiking to the top so there is no reason not to. The views from the top make it worth it
Excellent hike
We hiked up to Baegundae peak. Wow, what an experience! We finished a round trip in a little less than 3 hours. We did not stop for breaks at all on the trip. We began at the Bukhansanseong Fortress entrance. We had locals trying to stop us because they thought we would get caught in the dark but they had no clue how fast we were going up. Getting to the peak takes quite a bit of physical ability. At one point you’re pretty much pulling yourself up by a rope. It’s awesome if you’re up for the challenge. The view from the peak is second to none. This is a must stop when visiting Seoul. 
Amazing trek up the mounts
My trekEntry : west and exit at east Duration : 4.5hours but general info is 6hoursBest time to go : fall. Nice colorful maple trees along the and wayTime to peak : 2 hoursFitness level : min to moderate 
