Nice place to visit, especially in autumn
We took the #10 bus to the temple for around 30minutes from downtown. A bit of a walk from the bus stop, and you'll find the place. There's an entrance fee of 5000won each.We went when it was early, so there were not too many people, just a lot of student groups on a field trip. You can spend a most 2hours and you're done.
Beautiful temple and gardens
Visited this place on a Sat early morning in late Oct. Less people and more peaceful. Leaves were still green and yellowish (tot they would had turn red). But temple and its surrounding areas are still beautiful.We took bus #11 but I did not check how much is the bus fare as we used t-money card. Covered the whole area in 2.5 hours as we stopped very frequently to snap pictures..:). There are 2 path to the temple. We took the one that lead to the gardens and pond first. There are some food and souvenir stalls along this path. Glad we visited this place early in the morning. When we left the place late morning, lots of cars and visitors arriving.
Lovely peaceful park and castle 
Went here in autumn- so beautiful to see the colour turning on the leaves. It was nice to walk around the old palace grounds. We purchased a bell from the lady selling souvenirs in the middle of the grounds - it was much cheaper than the same souvenir from the souvenir shop near the big bell. You can buy a wish or blessing that you hang from one of the many lanterns hanging in the area.A great visit. 
Beautiful temple close to the mountain to visit
Beautiful temple may not be the most spectacular of South Korea but it deserves to be visited. To get there you will need a car or take a bus because it is on foot from the mountain (30 minutes drive).
Magnificent Unesco Heritage Site
A visit to Bulguksa Temple is a must for lovers of history or architecture. It is the crown jewel of the Shilla Kingdom's architecture and yes, is on Unesco's World Cultural Heritage List. The building is gorgeous, the setting, lovely and the artistry, magnificent. I left with admiration for the carpenters and the painters of the Shilla Kingdom. Highly recommended.
Attractive temple
It is a great blend of tourist attraction and an authentic temple experience. Saw some of the monks actually conducting some prayers, and a lot of people (mostly locals) did a bit of praying on each of the altar. A bit of a hike, but not terrible. Go here in the morning, I feel it's more serene that way.
Interesting place to go. 
We took the bus here. It's easy to find as it's the last stop. The entry fee is 5,000 krw. We really enjoyed the free English tour. The guide was very informative. She explained many things about Buddism and the different Buddha's in the complex.
A famous, need to see, temple
We had an English speaking guide provided free by the ticket/information office. The guide gave us a much better understanding of the temple layout, buildings, and operation than if we had walked around on our own. This is a famous temple in Korea and should be visited if possible. A lot of temples in Korea, including Bulguksa, have been partially (and in some more severe cases almost fully) rebuilt following destruction or damage by the Japanese over the centuries.
Fantastic temple
Beautifully preserved temple, just outside Gyeongju's historic area, but nevertheless the main reason for most people to visit the city/area. Nice tranquil area with a series of gold Buddha's. Not something you want to miss when you're in the area, but try to avoid school classes of annoyed adolescents...
Great visit
This temple (world heritage site) is around a 20 minute drive from the main city area but it is well worth it. At 5000 KRW it's a bit pricey (for gyeongju) but it is definitely worth the price. There is a lot of history steeped in this world heritage site and a lot of photo opportunities too. Great for the family too. Recommend it.
Korean Buddhist Temple
This temple is okay and worth visiting. Notable are the gold Buddha's and Boddhisatvas, painted rafters, fish and drum in the courtyard of the main pavilion and of course the main stairways leading up and verandas sticking out. Don't forget to capture that vista on the way out as you might not notice it from the path in - the dramatic stone stairways are steep and closed to visitor foot traffic.
'Working' temple in beautiful setting.
Kept in as original condition as possible, Bulguska is an active temple with prayers conducted regularly. Set in a tranquil setting, the surrounding gardens are well maintained and are worth wandering around after visiting the temple. But it is the temple complex itself which captures the eye. It is beautifully proportioned and balanced with its natural surrounds and is somewhat different in grandeur from similarly constructed temples. The trip out is also pleasant enough and you do get to see a variety of amusement and themed parks, large resorts and and hotel complexes that seem to exist separately from the main town of Gyeongju.
Great place
A big temple kept in original form. Very nice and well maintained. I adore the architecture and colors. It is a great place to see and well worth it.
Been Here Twice & Still Love It!
The first time I visited Bulguksa was when I was a teenager. And so when I came back as an adult, it was just as mesmerizing and beautiful as I had remembered it. This temple was a favorite of mine in my youth so it was a great feeling to come back and witness just how great I had remembered it to be. Bulguksa is large in location, so make sure to having your comfortable sneakers on before visiting. There's a lot of walking involved. There is absolutely so much to see and tour inside. This whole temple is filled with Korea's National Treasures and you shouldn't want to miss any of that. Whether it's the pagodas, the ancient but vastly colorful decor, or the amazing architecture of historical Korea, Bulguksa is a sight you don't want to ever miss. Enjoy!
Beautiful woodwork
We were moved by the fantastic wood works and the temples below.There isn't much walking so a good thing to do after two days trekking.We recommend to visit it.
THIS IS THE ESSENCE OF KOREAN ARCHITECTURE AND BEAUTY
This is an absolute place you must visit in this beautiful historical city, Gyeongju. I fell in love with this city. Most of all, this temple is an unbelievable combinations of cutting edge science, geometry, architecture and art of that time. They provide every hour expert guides' free explanation.Make sure you make use of it. While I was listening them, I was astonished by people of that time and heritages they achieved. You can't help but to love this place more. 
One of my Favorites
There's a lot of temples in this part of the world, but Bulguksa will always be one of my favorites. It feels like a palace and the craftsmanship is fantastic. Great wood work, great stone work and great paintings. Try not to get overwhelmed by the crowds and take the time to look at some of the details of the construction. Some of the best parts are the subtle ones like the details in the roofing and contrast between the straight edged stone slabs and the boulders. The location is also stunning and you should take a little time to enjoy the mountains.
True essence!
If you think no more tombs, no more temples, you should go Bulguksa, it's a must thing. Look at the side of 10 eon coin. You can see a real pagoda here. Beautiful architecture which stands here for hundreds thousands of year. Summer in here is hot and humid as it's in the middle of Toham mountain. But you won't regret to come here. (I know jogyesa in Seoul is also beautiful but Bulguksa is more like a historical art.)
Peace in the atmosphere 
A must visit for this region , a world heritage site , extremely well preserved , be ready for a good walk if u want to explore it for the fullest 
Must see 
You must see this beautiful place when you are in Gyeongju. Lots of things to see and great place to just walk around. The way the temple is built and surrounding grounds are spectacular!
Beautiful temple complex
Very interesting historic temple complex in Gyeongju. We came here on a tour and found it very worthwhile . I particularly liked the male and female pagodas. They look quite small when you are on their level but as you progress up the levels you get a different perspective and realise how large they are! Six temples are on the site and all different and interesting in their own right. Recommended !
A definite must go when visiting gyeongju
Location is a little far out from the main town but very accessible via their public bus. The temple in overall makes people feel really at peace when visiting as they housed various Buddhas. Would definitely recommend people to visit as it showcases a scenic and interesting overview of the Korea culture comparatively to those palaces seen in Seoul.
Serene and relaxing UNESCO World Heritage site of Bulguksa temple!
Bulguksa temple is a must-see in Gyeongju. We took a bus from Gyeongju bus station and it was a long ride, but we were discussing our excursions and experiences with fellow passengers in the bus, so the ride didn't feel long at all. The temple is beautiful and is generally busy. Despite there being moderate crowd on the day of our visit, it was not at all chaotic. The temple is nestled in a very beautiful, green habitat; there's also a lake closeby. I was fascinated by the prayer candles that were placed in the ceiling throughout the temple perimeter.
Easy day trip from Haeundae, Busan
A relatively compact temple complex set in the hills. All though most of it was rebuilt or restored it is still a beautiful working temple. We were staying in Haeundae, Busan and did a day trip to the temple and Gyeongju. We were able to catch a regional train from Shin-haeundae station to Bulguksa (1hr 20min ₩5,000). Once in Bulguksa town there is plenty of taxis and bus stops. A taxi to the main entrance is ₩5,000 or its about a 4km walk uphill. If you take the south entrance on the way out, and walk back up to the shops near the temple there is a tourist information centre. They gave us maps of Gyeongju and also bus information. Buses into Gyeongju run every 15 -20 mins. We got bus 10, which did seem to stop at a few small towns along the way and took about 30 mins and tickets were ₩1,700.
Relax trip
Took bus near sugar hotel, can ask the front desk how to take the bus, stop the roadside just walk follow by signboard, big areas with lots of trees 
Heavenly.. Stunning..!!
The temple is well maintained despite of being hundreds of years old. The surrounding sceneries are awesome. Describing heaven on earth. You should drink the natural spring water which you'll find on your way to that temple. I will always want to go there again..!!
Best Temple in Korea
Strongly recommend! Alone, with friends, with family.. this place would be one of the perfect attractions during your stay in Korea. Actually the city itself where the temple is located is a historic and memorable place. If you travel or stay in Korea for a while, visit here!
Highlight of Gyeongju 
How to get to Belguksa temple Gyeongju.Take buses 10, 11 from outside the tourist office close to the bus station or as they pass through centre of town for ~30 minute trip to the drop off.Wonderfully restored colourful grand temple with many parts to wander through. Information boards add to your enjoyment and appreciation.Thanks for the vote if you found this review helpful.
Beautiful temple 
It's a very beautiful place to see. We get there in the morning but there were already many tourists. It easy to get there you can take the bus number 11 and it's not really far away.I think the price is a little bit expensive but again it's a tourist attraction. The monk were praying at the time we visited so it was really nice.
International Tournament for Martial Arts. The tournament will be next week and there will be 36 countries.
Good, the place was clean, peaceful and not very strict with the tourist. It was hot when we visited the temple but the breeze made it relaxing and comfortable.
Incredibly Beautiful Ancient Temple Complex
The temple is a long bus ride from the Singyeongjyu train station. It is probably closer to the Gyeonjyu train station but we did not have a choice. It is a huge complex & there is a lot of climbing up & down of stairs. This is tough if you are tired and if the day is hot. I recommend getting there as early in the day as you can when you are feeling well-rested. It is definitely worth visiting/
Beautiful Temple
In 1955 this was dedicated a UNESCO WORLD HERITAGE Site, so you know that it is worth spending time here, which we did. Built in the 8th century, partially destroyed in the16th century by invading Japanese during a battle, it was reconstructed faithfully in 1970. It is considered a masterpiece of Buddhist architecture. This is very impressive!
Its huge
This is an amazing complex.. It was all tarted up with hanging coloured lanterns to celebrate a special occasion apparently.There were temples everywhere, monks and nuns walking and praying and chanting.The gardens were kept immaculately by people sweeping paths with straw brooms. Also there were little squirrels? running all through the stone blocks of the temples..Such a great place..
My favorite temple visited in South Korea 
This temple is a thing of beauty! There are multiple buildings open with active praying going on inside. There are some very steep and uneven steps throughout the area so it may not be very accessible for people with mobility issues. Put this on your bucket list for South Korea.
Not a mosque, interesting but not worth the trouble 
The bulguksa temple is located 10 miles outside of central Gyeongju. It's a nice temple but as far as temples go it isn't that special when you consider the time the trip takes (40 min, depending on the location of your hotel). Of course if you haven't seen many temples this one has the wow factor but there are many simular temples in Korea (2 in Seoul for instance). So if you don't have the time don't feel to sad about missing it. The two pagodas that are world heritage can also be seen at the museum of Gyeongju (replicas) and admission to the museum unlike the temple is free. And if you go for the Buddha in the grotto, there is a replica there too as that particular attraction is totally overrated. 
Masterpiece of the Silla kingdom
Bulguksa is considered as a masterpiece of the golden age of Buddhist art in the Silla kingdom( King Beopheung in 528). This temple encompasses seven National treasures of South Korea, including the Dabotap and Seokgatap stone pagodas and two gilt-bronze statues of Buddha. The temple is classified as Historic and Scenic Site No. 1 by the South Korean government. In 1995, Bulguksa was added to the UNESCO World Heritage List together with the Seokguram Grotto, which lies four kilometers to the east.
Average Sightseeing
It took about 30min from Singyeongju Station (KTX). After exiting station, turn right and head for bus stop. (There is another bus stop for tour bus.) Take bus #700. For weekdays, the bus does not ends here. Tell the driver "temple" if you not sure where to alight. The temple is up-slope when you alight.
Beautiful and Serene Buddhist Temple
A large complex of temple buildings, bell, and courtyard. Several buildings with Buddhas. Very old stone pagodas. It is nice to walk around here to enjoy the trees and architecture. When I was here, there was an exhibit of paintings done by students - fun. 
A must
A must visit as it is a very very iteresting temple in which you can spend enough time. It is worth the drive out. 
Large temple
The temple is located in large park. This is very relaxing area. We also ordered tea- jujube. It is awful. We didn't like it at all. The temple is beautiful.
Inexpensive and picturesque 
Although many temples in Korea have a similar feel, Bulguksa still has a lot of charm. It's inexpensive for all you can experience here. It has many places you can take a picture at. You can take a picture from various angles of the lake: on the bridge, below it and across the lake, or long distance shots of the bridge. Then you walk to the temple and see how old the staircases are, continue up the hill, and take pictures of the two pagodas just outside the temple. You can view one temple there, take a picture of the wooden doors, and continue to the other temple. If you go in May, you can see colorful lanterns celebrating Buddha's birthday. Finally, you can see a rock garden where Buddhists make their wishes.
Beautiful temple and park
We drove 2.5 hours to visit this, I was well worth it. I strongly suggest visiting the temple and surrounding Parks. Taking an English tour with the temple is recommended. 
Awe Inspiring
If you have an interest in the origins of Buddhism in Korea then this will both humble you and make your day. This site is very impressive and each of the temples is magnificent with their gold Buddha icons and tankas, not to mention the ornate and detailed painted interiors and exteriors. The grounds are impeccably kept and overall this was a truly worthwhile excursion.
A well laid out Buddhist temple
There is a lot to see at Bulguksa, and the price is only ￦5000. Many of the shrines have large Buddhist statues and the buildings themselves are fascinating.
An enjoyable World Heritage Site
It was rather busy during the week celebrating Buddha's birthday. Much of the complex has been repainted. Most people go on to visit the Seokguram Grotto but the view of the stone Buddha is restricted and no photography is allowed.
Good place
Bulguksa is located on the slopes of mount Toham (Jinheon-dong, Gyeongju city, North Gyeongsang province, South Korea). It is a head temple of the Jogye Order of Korean Buddhism and encompasses seven National treasures of South Korea, including the Dabotap and Seokgatap stone pagodas, Cheongun-gyo (Blue Cloud Bridge), and two gilt-bronze statues of Buddha. The temple is classified as Historic and Scenic Site No. 1 by the South Korean government.[1] In 1995, Bulguksa was added to the UNESCO World Heritage List together with the Seokguram Grotto, which lies four kilometers to the east.
Bulguksa temple visit after work
One of UNSECOs safeguarded sites,Pretty colorful as a place with quite a bit of history. One can see the Buddhist worshipping as well within the temple.Quite a few good pictures can be captured within the area.
UNESCO Preserved Site
Built in the year 528, the name of the temple is literally translated as "Temple of Buddha's Land". It aims to realize the blissfulness of the Buddhist scriptures where the mortal being's suffering is being released.
Beautiful temple in a beautiful area
Very nice to walk around and quite beautiful temple to see. It is quite a pity that there were lots of refurbishments when we went to visit, but on the other hand, at least the place is being taken care of. And that's quite important!We possibly spent over an hour and a half enjoying the views and the setting. Very nice place to see on a sunny day !!
A beautiful temple in a beautiful setting
We were here in the late afternoon in spring and it was beautiful. It is very well maintained, the paths are good and the signage excellent. The gardens are beautiful and in the late afternoon the atmosphere was incredibly tranquil. well worth a visit.
