Secret Garden is the highlight!
As far as palace goes, I very much prefer the much grander Gyeongbokgung Palace. But this palace has something that draws you in the moment you step in the secret garden (you have to take a tour for this). My guide is amazing and you can almost imagine the royalties walking the path towards the secret garden for some R&R. The fall colours make the place even more magical than the name suggests, making you wish you have a secret garden of your own too.
Beautiful palace and garden
I loved this place! The fall colors were fantastic! The garden is very beautiful and you have a view of the city as well. A little shop has nice souvenirs.
The Secret Garden is a must see 
We visited the palace in autumn when the leaves were turning, making the Secret Garden a magical tour. The ginkos and Japanese maples were in full fall color. The buildings are beautiful and the history of the palace and grounds was fascinating.
Go with a guide
This was great, especially with a free guide to explain everything. The secret garden has a guide, In Fact you have to tour with a guide. But the rest of the palace you'll want to schedule a guide.The secret garden in autumn is stunning!
Live the Experience
I would definitely recommend you dress the part when visiting the palaces around Seoul. It's a great place to check out the history of Korea and immerse yourself in the Korean culture. It's so much fun to dress up with your friends and take pictures. If your going to rent a hanbok (traditional Korean attire) I would plan to do it for more than two hours so you're not restricted especially if you like exploring and taking pictures.
Palace in the Center of the City
Changdeokgung palace is a beautiful monument in the center of Seoul. I liked the guard change rituals. It is interesting to watch and film. 
Palace and Secret Gardens all in one area, a must visit dstination
The palace as with others in Korea does not have a lot of furniture or artefacts on display, however the palace its self and all the associated building as very interesting from an architectural viewpoint. Lots of people walking around wearing Hanbok which adds to the atmosphere. As other people have stated the secret gardens are not to be missed, very well laid out and when we were there last week the trees were in all their Autumn glory with vivid colours on display. (Not suitable for those with limited mobility).It's a huge complex if you decide to see everything on site including the secret garden and easily takes around two to three hours to enjoy it all.Would certainly recommend.
Beautiful
Guides were great and speaking English was not an issue. For military deployed in the South, you MUST take a South Korean Temple tour...don't sit on base the whole time...I actually visited in 2008 but just got around to update this review. 
Changdeokgung Palace.
This is the smaller of the two principal palaces in Seoul, and unlike its larger twin, this one was restored after being attacked and damaged by the Japanese centuries ago. The temples and courtyards are divided into three distinct areas, all of which had to be traversed before an audience with the King could be granted. The Queen's chambers were separate from the King's, but when trying for children, there was a separate area without any furnishings, for fear of an assassination attempt!
A peaceful palace
please do not compare the palace with Indian counterparts. The rooms are spacious but the furniture are not that elegant as found in India. Korean history is depicted and those have an inclination towards history may love it. Place is crowded with both foreign and local sight seers/tourists
Korean History staple
A must see for all visitors. I love watching Historical Korean drama so seeing the actual palace in real life is so majestic! 
Amazing
Changdeokgung Palace was the second royal villa built following the construction of Gyeongbukgung Palace in 1405. It was the principal palace for many kings of the Joseon Dynasty, and is the most well-preserved of the five remaining royal Joseon palaces. The palace grounds are comprised of a public palace area, a royal family residence building, and the rear garden. Known as a place of rest for the kings, the rear garden boasts a gigantic tree that is over 300 years old, a small pond and a pavilion. Operating Hours [Palace Tour]Feb-May, Sep-Oct 09:00-18:00Jun-Aug 09:00-18:30Nov-Jan 09:00-17:30* Last admission: 1 hour before closing[Huwon Tour (Guided Tour only)]Feb-May, Sept-Oct 10:00-17:30June-Aug 10:00-18:00Feb, Nov 10:00-17:00Dec-Jan 10:00-16:30Mondays : closed 
Fabulous architecture, serene garden
Beautifully painted buildings (dancheong is the term for the painting) arranged in serene sight lines. Not too miss is the secret garden, a separate ticket is needed. The guided english tour was ok but seemed to be about the same information available on the placards. The gardens layout respects the contours of the hills, with man made intrusions carefully inserted into nature. 
Great palace and evening visit took it up a notch!!
Visited in the afternoon and was really enamoured by the splendid pagodas and vast expanse of history right in the midst of the modern city . To top it all that day it was open in the evening also with a concert which really made it a memorable experience!! Definitely worth a visit and do not miss an evening opening if available. 
Jongno is a gem
This palace is located as well in Jongno adjacent to Gyeongbokgung - only a few minutes walk away. I love this palace because I feel like it's massive than Gyeongbokgung and is less crowded. It's possibly because there is no ceremony happening unlike the aforementioned.
Don't miss the Secret Garden
Tip for visitors - the Secret Garden is the highlight of this palace visit - remember to leave enough time to go from wandering the grounds to where the start of the tour is - takes longer and might not be as straightforward as you think!
Go for the guided tour around the secret garden
We only went for the guided tour around the secret garden (best to book online). We bought the combined ticket at 10000 won which includes entry to all 5 palaces and the secret garden tour. We walked around part of the palace on our own. The palace looked very simple but the gardens were beautiful. There are some steep walks around the secret garden so wear comfortable shoes. The guide stopped for a few minutes at each stop to allow us to rest or take photos. 
You Must See This!
We spent a very pleasant morning here and wandered around the beautiful secret garden. You wouldn't know you were in a large city it was so peaceful.
Past & Future
Lovely skyline divided by a historic palace wall. I felt the cultural significance through dance and music. The change of guard, power of love and traditional customs and architecture are all well displayed, Just turn around and the new development are visible indication of enterprise.
Magnificant morning guided tour to secret garden
We arrived around 10.15 am on thursday. It was easy to get there by subway. A little walk following the sign, we were asked if we would like to enter and join the secret garden Engligh tour, starting 10.30 am. We were excited to join. The tour guide showed buildings in the secret garden with little tips of the palace. 
Secret garden is a must
The most beautiful palace among the 4 main palaces in Seoul. Admission fee is 3000w (building area) and 5000w for secret garden. You have to join guided tour for the secret garden and please take note on the time. 
Beautiful and romantic places for Autumn time
The palace is simply but the secret garden is very beautiful, good to have a walk. There are stop place for relax and reading book. Very beautiful in autumn time
A great journey to Korean Dynasty
We took a half day tour to Changdeokgung Palace and it was an amazing experience. The guide was great and narrated the Korean history beautifully. The most enchanting experience was the garden tour... lush green garden with lakes and waterfall. Recommend every tourist to visit this place.
Nice place to visit, take the secret garden tour
Most reviews I read recommended the secret garden tour and I would agree. You have to get a reservation in advance. They only have 100 spots for each tour and 50 are available for online reservation 6 days ahead at 10am. I went on the site and signed up at exactly 10am. Once I finished I looked back at the site and there were 0 remaining spots so they go quick! Once you arrive you have to show the reservation and actually buy the ticket. If you plan to visit Gyeongbokgung Palace as well, but the Integrated ticket instead and save 1000 or more. The tour is normally 90min long but they are doing a trial and allowing you to just walk on your own. Had I known this I wouldnt have bothered with the english tour and picked a better time. At my own pace I finished in about an hour.
Do the garden tour!
I loved this palace. The best part was the garden tour. Totally worth the money. Also, one day a month, admission (not including the garden) is free. If I remember right, it is the last Wednesday of the month. An amazing oasis in the middle of the city!
A great walk, no tour necessary
Another great palace. It truly is a treat to see. History in this city is amazing going back for thousands of years. All fo the palaces are very impressive. It is a good walk and may experience hills and uneven ground. Make sure you have good shoes.
Unique Korean palace
This is a unique Korean palace built in harmony with surrounding landscape. To reach the palace, take Line 1, 5 and get down at Jongno 3-ga Station or Line 3 and get down at Jongno 3-ga Station or Anguk station. No smoking, flammables or pets are allowed within the palace grounds.Admission ticket is 3000 won. With extra ticket , you can also get entry to nearby Changgyeonggung Palace. Guided palace tours in English are at 1030 am and 230 pm. The palace is closed on Mondays. Must-see attraction in Seoul
Great English guided tours. 
We came to explore the secret gardens which were beautiful as the leaves were changing colour. We joined a free English guided tour which was really informative. The guide was full of enthusiasm and gave us lots of history and stories about the garden. He did a Palace tour later in the day so we stayed for that too which was just as good although a little shorter. It's a beautiful palace, well maintained in nice grounds. The secret garden is the highlight. 
Great Palace
This is a nice stroll and you can see the elaborate colored paintings of the buildings. It is joined with another palace so its easy top walk through both. We booked a secret garden tour online, book well in advance, and it was worth it. The garden is really the most authentic part of the old palace.
Getting know Korean History
It's a big complex area. They have museum inside the complex. And If you really want to know the story of this palace and how korean lifestyle during the era, hired a tour guide. You can also walk around this palace using Hanbok traditional korean outfit, I think they are gorgeous. 
Secret Garden
If you are going to this palace, make sure you have the Integrated Pass. The Secret Garden is included with the purchase of that pass. The Secret Garden may only be accessed, however, by joining a group tour organized by palace management. Better check on the tour schedules. I didn't bother and got stuck with the Korean tour group. I have zero Korean language background aside from the usual hi, bye, and thanks. So, I couldn't really appreciate any information from the tour as it wasn't in English. Aside from the Secret Gardens, what makes this palace unique is the collection of reconstructed imperial government offices in the grounds. It is a maze in that area. Picture-perfect opportunities also if you have your traditional Korean costume on. Now, if only it wasn't raining heavily when I was there... 
The best of the Palace in Seoul to me
I visited four of the fives palaces but this to me is the best, even if some buildings are in maintenace period now 
One of the Palaces
It is a Unesco World Heritage site. It is very similar to Gyeongbokgung Palace. You only need to go to one of the Palaces. However, the Palace is calm and peaceful.
Very large and spread out - lots to see
They are currently working on opening even more buildings on the palace grounds - it will become a UNESCO World Heritage Site, and rightfully so.Also enjoyed seeing all the visiting tourists in their rented Korean costume.
Tour guides 
Came here to look at the palace late afternoon but ended on the guide tour which was quite interesting..you get to know more history of the palace plus the history of the Kings that ruled the country with its historical times.
Beautiful Palace
I visited this palace with a tour guide in a tour group. This palace is beautiful and certainly worth a visit when you are in Seoul. I took lots of photos with the palace in the background: a picture speaks a thousand words. 
Bustling grounds
The entire site is a modern rebuild of a palace that once stood on this site. It's a shame, because clearly the original must have been very spectacular. The rebuild is interesting enough, but you cannot enter any of the buildings at all and those that have their doors open (and that's not very many) have little to see inside. It's also very busy with noisy tour groups and school children. Regardless, it's not to be missed. Buy the Royal Palace Pass for W10,000 as it's a BIG saving on the six sites it includes. The Secret Garden is a separate tour, but is actually more interesting than the palace, but you can only visit the garden if you visit the palace too. The Pass package includes both.
Awesome palace!
This is a must-see if you’re in Seoul. We were lucky to visit during the holiday and got to see a special demonstration as well. 
Ok to visit
We kept our visit of Changdeokgung Palace rather short since there is not much to see. The buildings are scattered in a rather large area. There are no detailed explanations about the life in the palace and the purpose of the different buildings. The gardens are pretty unkempt. Been there done that. If you're nearby have a look.
A Marvel!
A very large palace area within the city was astounding! Its a free entrance if you're dressed up in the traditional Korean outfit (Hanbok rentals are plenty near by). Simply marvelous seeing the architecture. Can get a little crowded and plenty of tourists standing by and sitting on perfect photo ops which can get annoying. But if you have the time its definitely worth it to visit this palace!
Palaces and the secret garden
It was good experience to visit the palace (it was free for tourists because it was mid autumn festival) and the secret garden (fee applied with English tour guide). The palace has many entries and it was in in city which was good. The structural of the buildings were in good condition and very details, even there were lots of small allies that unable to enter but did not cut the fun to take selfies and pictures. The secret garden was so exclusive but need abit of walking up and down, after all not too bad because the tour guide was in slow pace allowing guests to walk slowly to see, look around and experience. The structural of those buildings were in good form and able to know how the King relaxed, the views of those big lotus ponds, trees, water and breezes..which was good experience.
Good convenient place to go to if you're in Seoul
It's a nice temple to go to with lots of nice views and different things to see. It's also next to another temple and surrounded by a wooded area making it really pretty. In that same area there is also the secret garden that you can see. Nearby the shopping and not too far from gunbokgung temple as well.
Not to be missed
This was our favorite palace in all of Seoul. The grounds are beautiful and, with the grounds as background, the buildings provide a picture perfect setting.
Chuseok day
Because of Chuseok there was a free entrance to this palace area and many Korean in National dressees. An immense area with palaces. Also a countryside old Korean house setting on one corner, vegetable growing etc. 
Brilliant!
This place is totally worth visiting! Paid for a ticket to secret garden as well and it was lovely! The garden takes up 2/3 of the palace so you wouldn’t want to miss it! 
We took the night tour.. Very comprehensive.
this review may not be useful to all as we took the annual night tour which is not open throughout the year - only at specified times. The tour was wonderful, very thorough, our guide spoke excellent english and gave a wonderful historical lesson on the palace. We visited ALOT of the palaces in Seoul, this was by far one our favorites!
Enter the Secret Garden
During our second Seoul vacation, we decided to go to this palace and enter the Secret Garden tour. It is so beautiful inside. It's worth the time. 
Goog Korean Palace
We went there last November. Despite the cold, the palace is a must if you have not been to Korean palaces. The Royal garden is also interesting with ponds, pavilion and good landscapeing. I made advance reservations for entrance with English guided tour online. There is a special web site for booking. The guide was informative and friendly. I plan to make another visit there in Spring to see the flowers.
Historical site - but are my dogs tired
Very interesting site, much of it purposefully left unrestored. Large site, the tour guide stated the grounds covered 110 acres. Make sure you have comfy shoes and are prepared for a lot of walking. If you take to Secret Garden tour, be prepared for some fairly steep grades. It’s definitely not for mobility challenged individuals. One of the members on the tour dragged around luggage for the entire tour. If you take luggage to the tour, do yourself and others the courtesy of storing your bags in a locker at a subway or rail station before you go here.
Group Tour
This palace is less crowded than some, is well restored and interesting. But the big attraction is the Secret Garden, which is hardly secret but is a gem. Very hard to remember you are in the heart of downtown Seoul when inside. Don't miss it!
