Water wonderland
This is a must see for visitors to Seoul. Wonderfully laid out, allow time to see all the exhibits. They are diverse, and children are especially catered for with interactive games. One of the best laid out aquariums we have visited. Many species to excite interest with waterfalls and ponds an attractive addition.
Well designed aquarium
Prefer this aquarium to lotte world aquarium, since it felt as though it was larger and had a larger variety of marine lives. A lot of thinking seemed to have been placed into the designing of the aquarium's layout and furnishing to elude an air of cozy ambiance throughout the visit, even though I felt that some tanks might be too children-friendly for adults - had to squat down at most of the first section. The staff at the ticket counter could have been friendlier as well, as she looked irritated when she found out that I couldn't understand Korean and that she had to repeat herself in another language.
Quirky Aquarium!!
We visited as part of an organised tour, this is a good little aquarium with fish in a variety of quirky settings. Its well worth a visit and not too expensive.
A kids friendly aquarium
The aquarium is located within Coex mall and is designed to be kids friendly. It was interest to see innovative way of displaying the fishes in the aquarium, like retrofitting an old telephone broth into a fish tank.
Excellent 
Spent 2,5 amazing hours with 4 children aged 2 to 9 in this aquarium!  Highly recommend to anyone with and without children 
Great fun for small children 
This place is much better than the one at the Coex Centre in Seoul. My 7-year-old had a great time there, especially feeding the fish. Really liked the variety of fish and animals. You can buy discounted tickets through Gmarket. You can do the aquarium in the morning and Kidsania in the afternoon if you have enough energy. Kids will have a perfect day. 
Compact and nice - worth a visit even at this price
I visited this Coex aquarium on the last day at Seoul after attending a conference. After checking out at the hotel, I could take the hand luggage into the aquarium and walk around (that was the reason - to pass time while hanging on to my hand luggage). Within the coex mall the aquarium is nicely planned with lot of species - sharks, penguins, live corals. Full price is high, but you get instant 15% discount with the coupon you find there. I guess the locals get better discounts when they bring their kids.It takes about two hours to see the aquarium leisurely. There are places inside to sit and watch the marine life for longer. It cannot be any better.
Pretty damn impressed 
Arrived at coex mall for some shopping and decided to hit the Aquarium first with our 4 year old; she loves sea creatures!We've been to a fair few aquariums around the world and this one has a really cute and quirky display. We really enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and so did our daughter. The doctor fish part was probably our favourite. Lots of fresh water sea life from all part of Asia, really interesting to see. Would definitely visit again 
One of my favorite aquariums
My expectations were low for an aquarium in a shopping mall, but the Coex Aquarium houses an incredible variety of animals. 
Nice place to spend sometime for fun
Its a very big aquarium with so many separate sections for fishes and animals. Saw different and unique varieties of fishes and sea creatures. It took 2 hrs approximately for us to finish the tour of aquarium. Overall a good place.
Good for a young toddler
The best thing about this aquarium is that it's not very big, which is ideal for a little toddler - it's just nice for him and and spent a few hours here. Don't expect to see aquariums like seaworld etc and you'll enjoy it
Beautiful aquarium
Spent 3 hours here one afternoon. Well worth the price; make sure you take a picture at the poster in the mall for 10% off. It's inside the mall, and a little hard to find, but once inside, it is a blast! So many different fish tanks, and so much to see. The shark tank at the end is amazing, and big enough to really make you feel like you're inside the ocean! Well worth the price.
Loved the Aquarium, hated all the noise
I truly enjoyed the aquarium and the way they had some of their displays set up. The only downside for me was that there were several very young school groups who were all yelling and running. They have one spot where they play soothing music and you can fit in front of a massive aquarium where sharks and rays glide by in front of you. It would have been a great spot to sit and video the beautiful creatures but there several groups of very loud teenage Korean boys running through it ruining your video and generally ruining the whole feeling. It would have been an awesome experience if the staff had maintained some kind of order, but most of them appeared to be high school kids themselves.
Enjoyed the aquarium and a great excuse to see the rest of the mall
We were shopped out since we were staying in Myeongdong and the idea of going to a pricey mall wasn't appealing, but I figured at the very least we should check out the Gangnam neighborhood made famous by the singer Psy and if we got bored we could go to the aquarium.Firstly, the mall is pretty awesome looking. We didn't see anything extraordinary at the shops but loved the library in the wide open middle space. It was a trek to find the aquarium but we did and passed a sign offering foreign visitors a 10 percent discount if you took a picture of the sign, so we were able to snag a discount to boot. We didn't have the highest of expectations and were pleasantly surprised. We love aquariums and have been to various ones in the US, Sydney, Vancouver, Singapore etc. I wouldn't say this collection was unusual but it was nicely presented including my favorite of a phone booth filled with small fish. They also had transformed other ordinary objects into tiny aquariums. When we arrived we raced to an otter feeding but it was in Korean with no translation so we left after a bit to enjoy wandering around. The aquarium was much larger than we expected and we spent more than an hour there. I also enjoyed the large shark and stingray tank, again not unusual but still cool to see.
Awesome Aquarium!
Best aquarium I've ever been to.Not normally one to visit aquariums but we visited after a full day tour of Panjumeon and the DMZ and needed a change of pace.We only had 90 minutes here as they were closing..easily could have spent more time here.The themed areas are very cute and I loved their inventive displays - especially the area with fish displayed in phone booths and fridges! Great wee bit where you can lie on a bed and just watch fish. Enjoyed the musical fish who interact with their space creating random notes. Impressive shark tank, and installations and the English translations of the different fish are very cute. Only down side - some animals need larger enclosures.
Don't Go! Merchants of Death Ahead!
Aquarium is okay, not really spectacular but not bad. It is in my mind a good educational experience for children.However parents are terrible at controlling their children. People touch the fish in the tanks even though people are prohibited to do so (Korean and Chinese were the only one we saw doing so at that time). In the Marine Touch Lab it is even worse, there are clear instructions how to behave and what to do. However parents with seriouse dillusions of grandeur, think the animals are indestructable and people just manhandle them. Here are some suggestions:*Close off the tanks so people cannot touch the animals.*Discontinue the touch zone because people are re~￦@%d and cannot behave themselves.
Our Summer July 2016
We went here July 2016 with our daughter. We love coex and it was beautiful but we do not manage to see the live show.
In deed an Aquarium
My son was utterly disappointed after reaching the site, it's rather small. And compared to other Aquariums in Hong kong, singapore and Thailand it's nothing.
a nice tour for an empty hour
well designed in the center of an underground mall adjacent to the COEX conference center and the Grand Intercontinental hotel. Rich in items, especially nice for children. 
Entertaining journey 
We bought the tickets for 25k each. Well spent.We where in there for about 2-3 hours. There were alot of activities for both adult and children to enjoy.They had a good variety of different fish.
Good educational experience 
An educational experience and fun for all ages, well organised and friendly staff, sardine love show is so enchanting. 
Good, but a little overpriced
We went on a Monday and it wasn't very crowded. The main attraction is the huge aquarium with sharks, manta rays, and turtles which was quite impressive. Everything else felt like it was just filler. Great for small kids though. Lots of activities to keep them engaged.We paid 50,000 Won for 2 people and I felt for what was offered it was a bit overpriced. Wouldn't go again necessarily, but I didn't regret going in the first place.
Amazing Aquarium
There were species we had never seen before and some which we did not expect to see in an Aquarium --lovely collection by any standards and definitely worth the visit
A really nice aquarium.
We went here with our 2 boys, aged 6 & 2.They had a blast looking at all the different fish, stingrays, sharks, turtles and other sea life. They even had some other animals such as Beavers, Otters and Penguins. This aquarium was nicely laid out with 16 different stations. I would allocate around 1-2 hours for this attraction. I think some of the main features of this aquarium are the Huge "Ocean Kingdom" with all the sharks, The Fish in Wonderland which show fish in all diferent types of unique aquariums, The Amazonia World which show marine life from The Amazon River and The Marine Touch Lab to where the kids can touch certain marine life. This attraction is stroller friendly. My only drawback would be that this attraction is sort of on the pricey side with adults costing 25,000 each, youths 22,000 and children (3-12) 19,000 krw.
Always great to visit
This was our second visit to the aquarium. Hours of wonder and fun with the fish and other animals, including the otters, beavers, penguins... My teenage son still loved the squirrel most, but we all enjoyed the colours and tranquility of the aquariums. Well worth the visit.
Enjoyable
We enjoyed walking around, learning & viewing. It's a good aquarium, but not great (like Singapore).Loved the quirky house area where marine life were in everyday home areas: bed heads, fridges, kitchen sinks, etc
Nice aquarium at fantastic mall
We have been twice. The first time we absolutely loved this aquarium. The second time it was a little different. Zoos and aquariums are always a little sad when looking at how small the enclosures are for the animals/sea creatures. If you are able to look passed this then you will enjoy the aquarium very much, like we did the first time!
A fun place with your loved ones 
I enjoyed this place with my wife and we had a fun time checking out the fish and it was a lovely place and when you are done can you eat lunch in Coex. It is not a must see, but fun place if you lived her for a longer time or if you have kids. 
Aquarium
This was a nice sized aquarium where you could get close to the fish and exhibits. It would be a great place to go with kids.
Amazing!
We were pleasantly surprised that Coex Aquarium can rival the SEA Aquarium in Singapore. Considering that Coex Aquarium was inside a mall, we did not expect much. We were pleasantly surprised to see that it was very modern and had as much attractions as SEA Aquarium in Singapore. They even had penguins and huge sharks which my kids really enjoyed watching. And for its price, it was well worth it!
Value for money is not so good
Frankly speaking the value for money is not so good in Coex Aquarium. There are not so many animals here, this attraction is more for chldren than for adults even though there were some interesting spots. However I will not recommend a visit to this aquarium and if I could come back to the past I would save 25000 Wons/ticket and skip this attraction. COEX shopping mall itself is not very interesting also, however it is a kind of must-see in Seoul as it is considered to be one of the biggest in the world. 
Great Aquarium at Gangnam!
I have been to several aquariums but this is by far the best. Great tour inside plus a show as well!! Nice experience for people of ALL ages!
Feeling like under the Ocean
This is one of the good places to visit with families. You will find various specious of sea fishes and ocean hunters like sharks. 
Could be better
We love visiting the aquarium at every single city we travel if it has one. Seoul was not an exception and we chose COEX as we were told a lot about it. The entrance was easily found. Staff was friendly. The aquarium seemed to be large and well organized with some areas where guest could play with the fish and ocean creatures. The big fish and penguin, however, looked so tired and boring. Since we were there around 11am with no show at that time so we did not really enjoy it. But I think it could be much better once the renovation is completed.
Nice and Cool!
This is one of a good places to visit during in Seoul, especially for the aquamarine lovers. This is definitely a cool place with the very nice decorations but a bit expensive. But overall, it's such a lovely place to visit either with family, partner or friends.
Fun and whimsical
This place located within the Coex Center is one of the must-sees in Seoul. They have a vast variety of species exhibited. They provide interactive activities for children. It is amazing how clean and maintained the aquariums are. 
Below Average Aquarium
This aquarium caters to families with small children. If this isn't you, go elsewhere. If it is you, you and your children will have a very nice time.
An Underwater Adventure
Coex Aquarium is a combination of Marine Fish & Brackish Water fishes in the Amazon jungle. It highlights fishes in their natural habitats able to live together with other kinds. For the marine fishes, there's a section where children are allowed to handle live corals, starfishes, hernit crabs & even a baby octopus. There is also a tank full of Piranhas looking so aggressive & unfriendly. It usually takes about 90 mins to complete everything. Coming out of the Aquarium, you will be able to buy souvenirs to bring home.Highlight is the feeding times when 4 divers get into the water to hand feed the fishes, octopus, sting ray & mantle ray. They also performed some water aerobics to entertain the audience in the theatre.
Well presented
Coex Aquarium is fun and interesting especially for young kids. My daughter is 3.10 years old, thus, still free; payment starts at 4 if I am not mistaken. The map at the start of the "journey" makes going around more interesting as one needs to complete the stamp from several stops and get a post card after. There are a lot of variety of sea creatures and they eat healthy foods, fruits and veggies! A nice place to visit and takes around 1-2 hours in total. =)
Good aquarium but overpriced
Aquarium is in the Coex Mall. Great use of mirrors makes it look much bigger than it is.Some clever displays such as panels in drink vending machines, in old phone boxes, household items for smaller fish.I spent 2.5hrs there and enjoyed it. Good variety of fish and animals such as otters, prairie dogs, bats and squirrels. Sharks are a decent size as are the rays. The manatees were my favorite though. Compared to other aquariums this is overpriced. It cost 2500 won to enter. A nice way to spend a few hrs. Accessible from the green line Sameosung station. 
Fun & Educational in Convenient Location
Some people might balk at the price, but it's worth it if you go as a group. It's a very nice aquarium with plenty of English information for visitors. We went as a school trip for students who were mostly English speakers and they really enjoyed it. 
Good for children
The place is overrun with children and definitely geared towards them in my opinion. We were 3 adults, and we of course still enjoyed all the sea life, but we did not enjoy the crowds. I would avoid weekends if possible. 
Good place to chill and stroll
Enough to see when you want to get out of the cold. There are good signage to each exhibit. Before the entrance and inside there are lockers for storing your bags.
I was at the Coex Aquarium...
Yes I was at the Coex Aquarium entrance when I was in Coex, did not pay to get in because I am not a big fan of fishes. Do recommend to families with small children though.
New fish I hadn't seen
This is a standard aquarium in that there are lots of tanks of fish. However they had one room laid out with tanks showing what would be from the beginning of the Han river to the sea. It also has what lives in a paddy field. There are unusual fish tanks (one uses a refrigerator ). There were also otters, beers and manatees.
Coex
Good aquarium. Entrance fee is 25,000 KRW. Great location in Gangnam. The one in Busan is probably better
Worthwhile outing 
This aquarium started out ho-hum...then got interesting! I especially liked the 'Dr Fish' that nibbled my fingers. My kids especially liked the touch-and-feel section as well as the microscopes that magnified tiny aquatic creatures. I'm happy we went. Just outside a metro stop - super easy to access. Part of an underground mall, so plenty of dining and coffee options for before or after. 
Great family diversion
This is a nice aquarium with some unique features I hadn't seen previously. We enjoyed the uniquely Korean fish tank displays (in a coke machine, a water cooler, a phone booth, etc.), and the sardine show (where divers divert the schooling fish in various directions) is a spectacle to behold. Among the many exhibits is a big shark tank with some interesting varieties and some of the largest sharks and rays I recall seeing at an aquarium. The "doctor fish" (nibbling pedicure fish) exhibit was a fun hands-on experience. Lots to see here, and a great place to spend a few hours with the kids in inclement weather, especially since it's attached to a mall with lots of restaurants. We didn't find it too crowded, especially considering that it was a weekend during the cold winter. Note that the experience is linear, so you'll need to pass through the entire facility to get out.
COEX Aquarium Visit
This a nice aquarium in the middle of the city and about five minutes from the nearest subway stop. However, it is far too crowded, making it difficult to view the exhibits in a relaxing manner. The exhibits are modern and professional. 
Typical Tropical Aquarium
We visited the aquarium due to the bad outdoor weather and we have a couple of hours to kill. This aquarium is like any other aquarium, plenty of tropical species of fish, sharks, rays etc. The layout of the place is more or less similar to other public aquariums, with a tunnel to view the ocean creatures. I have been to better ones in my opinion. A good place to visit if you have time to kill and you have a restless child in tow. Skip this attraction if you have other places to visit. 
Interesting
I didn't expect a huge Aquarium inside a mall. It looked small when viewed from the entrance, but you'll be surprised how bit it actually is. It had different themes and a good variation of fish and other animals.
Good experience at aquarium in Gangnam mall
We visited the aquarium at the CoEx Mall one evening before closing. It was over $20 for admission. A little more than expected. We enjoyed our hour going through all the various exhibits. They even had a beaver exhibit with all the different aquatic animal and fish exhibits. There are vary many exhibits and the interesting thing about them is the design of the tanks. For example in one area, there were fish swimming in a kitchen sink. Also, there is a tank where you can put your fingers in and the fish will nibble off your dead skin cells. They didn't seem to interested that evening. Overall, we enjoyed the time we spent here.
Less than I'd expect from a city like Seoul
This aquarium leaves a lot to be desired for a city of this size. In my opinion Busan is a much better aquarium. The majority of the exhibit is comprised of indigenous fresh water fish, however they do have a nice selection of sharks (one of which ate another shark in 2015 and can be seen on CNN online). 
Kids Enjoyed! 
The aquarium was entertaining for the kids. Had a good selection of fish and animals from all over Korea as well as a select few from around the world. There is a section where they have fish in interesting tanks like vending machines, phone booths refrigerators, etc. that were pretty neat. Kids enjoyed the interactive touch exhibits and the sharks and rays. 
Good place for kids
Just an aquarium with some national Korean touches. It's not the biggest one among the oceanariums I have visited, but it is obvious the object is very well maintained. The entrance fee is a little high for such a place. Good place for educational trips with kids. 
Worth to watch
It's a mid range aquarium, not small not that much big, and full of families with kids. Specialy during weekends it's very busy and crowded, but koreans are very quiet and polite.You won't be regretful after spending one or two hours there.
Good as a school trip.
It's not that it's bad, but don't waste your time in Seoul on this attraction. If you are travelling with children it will be a nice thing to do, but don't expect something special.
Children's paradise
The aquarium presents a large and rare variety. The whole arrangement is with due consideration of children. The informative boards are in simple but catchy language to attract the kids. And really the kids enjoy it very much. It has a high educative value and is a 'must visit' place for children. 
Great for family with kids
Their aquarium is pretty huge with huge sea animals too. Great for kids. And nice place to take picture.
Small and kinda smelly
We finished seeing everything in less than an hour. It's a very small aquarium and not really worth going to. You're better off just exploring Coex Mall itself.
Really?
You can't simply put random fish in random containers and call it an aquarium.I really wanted to like this place but this place is way too scattered and sparse in its exhibit to be a first class aquarium.
Way better than I thought!!!
I found that it is one of the great aquarium (probably the best one) in Korea!! I didn't expect that much, just thought it would be normal one. But it was really nice and I did like it!! A lot kind of fishes and etc..... The best part was the glass tunnel there I felt like I was under the real sea!
Amazing. 
I sow new and wearied kind of fish there. The most amazing view was the shark view. And they were playing music and they put cheers at the back so you can watch it comfortably as long as you want. رأيت هناك انواع غريبة و جديدة من السمك. المنظر الأكثر روعة كان لمنظر القروش من خلف الزجاج على طول اكثر من طابق.
Good enough
Visited the Aquarium with a 3 year old and a 7 year old. The Aquarium isn't as grand and spectacular as some other Aquariums in Asia but considering it is right in the city and above a mall, it is not too bad. There are some fun exhibits for children. Some quite interactive, keeping young children busy. Visit for the entertainment aspect of it and yoi won't be disappointed. Expect to spend about 1.5 to 2 hours.
Not quite the Aquariums found in Other Cities
This Aquarium has some Limited Species of Fishes, it is Not that Attractive and a bit Pricey on the Entry Fee.It might Excite the Kids to see some Fishes, but not worth the Entry fee.
Not good value for money, average
I have been to plenty of aquariums over the world. The one in COEX mall was priced 15000 won back in 2012 and showed nothing much for the entrance fee. I found only the jelly fish section better than the rest. Entirely forgettable experience
aquarium in a mall
I spent about 35 minutes total looking through the aquarium. I think the price reflects the fact that the aquarium is in the middle of a city.
Correct aquarium
Not as big and impressive as other aquariums in the world, you can spend some pleasant times to visit.
Amazing!!
I recommend a visit to the aquarium expecially with kids of course. It is really amazing and there are also some exibitions during the feeding hours really nice( unfortunately only in korean but it is amazing the same). It is better to get information about the hours when you arrive. 
Fun Aquarium 
We were there in Aug. My 11 year old had a blast. You can touch certain fish/starfish and snails. Is not thay big but bigger than you would imagine since it is inside the mall. They have shows, and overall a good experience. 
Lovely place for kids and adults 
My four year old and I love going to COEX aquarium. One can easily spend about 3-4 hours in the aquarium. It's not just viewing the lovely displays but also the shows like feeding the Sharks, penguin. You can touch and feel starfish which is fun. I love the display which has the fish that eats your dead skin. There is a innovative section where they have aquariums made with stuff like refrigerator, vending machine etc. definitely worth a trip. 
Lovely aquarium
I loved this aquarium! It was lovely with many species of fishes & huge sharks. Its not over crowded & also pretty diverse with other animals other than fishes.
Fantastic place
A wonderful place and is located in the center of shops and underground and has many fish and marine life and possible buy toys on the forms of fish
Beautiful!
I went with a friend and we both think it is really a nice and particular aquarium!It is really unique and I think it's a good place to spend a day for families with kids!
Great place and convenient within COEX mall
Family outing in COEX mall would never want to miss out the fun and educational aquarium. Note the feeding timetable for various locations if you like to witness the real time feeding fun. 
my parents and daughter enjoyed the aquarium
on a limited area, they successfully gave us a quick overview on Seoul/korean fishes. Then different sites are there for children to play and a lot of selfie posts for the adults who love it. A great way to organize an aquarium that i have not seen anywhere else, maybe only similar to Singapore. Dont be surprised, you will also see other animal types and not only fishes. Some are very cute that kept my daughter busy pointing out this and that, saying wow and oaah.Would recommend this for those travel to Seoul with kids.ps: prepare walking shoes as Coex Mall is huge and this aquarium is also quite big.
Not bad, pricy 
It is located inside the Coex mall but it is closer to the Bongeunsa station. The aquarium is definitely geared more towards kids. You can stick your hands in one of the tanks where they keep those small fish that munch on your dead skin. The aquarium is not that big, but they have penguins, otters, manatees, sea turtles, beavers, sharks and rabbits (???). It's a nice place to chill on a hot summer day.
Bizarre at times
This aquarium starts off like any other aquarium but then you get to the area of tanks that are shaped like a telephone box or fire extinguisher (same size a real one). The are also some rabbits, chipmunks, prairie dogs and Guinea pigs. It was quite crowded so it was difficult to see sometimes. There is a touch pool with some cool things like the sea pineapple and sea slug. There is only a small cafe which sells ice cream and a small selection of drinks inside the aquarium area, but a lot of good places around. Some quite pricey. You can get line number nine right to the door on the subway. Get off at Bongeusa station. This station wasn't on the map I picked up so I guess my map is old. As i didn't know about this station we caught line 7 to Cheongdam and walked down past the temple.
Weekday adventure with Sammuel octopus 
I've been here twice. I highly recommend avoiding weekends due to wall to wall crowds. Yesterday was a Wednesday and we had a great time. There weren't too many people there. We were able to do the moving tunnel twice. It's popular for a reason. It's a beautiful, creative, innovative aquarium with many artistic and shaped displays. There are lockers to place your backpacks and shopping bags. Inside, there's a snack shop with churros, ice cream, and coffee. There are stamp books for the kids ands touch pool with uniquely korean sea creatures like sea pineapples in the touch pool. Line 9 takes you right to it. Near PF changs. Go in the mall and its to the right. Conan O Brian's pet octopus, Samuel) is in the crab display! ( he is an American TV star) 
Thoroughly enjoyable aquarium experience at the gigantic COEX Mall complex.
We were very impressed with this attraction overall. Great care and planning, fun design elements and a variety of animals (including native species you'd be unlikely to encounter) made for an informative and entertaining experience. As a pair of adults (no kids) we'd recommend 1.5 - 2 hours for a leisurely encounter. With kids, perhaps adjust time expectations. This being Korea, great selfie opportunities abound and the tanks also lent themselves for some great pix and video to share w/ friends. -- A tip for couples: we went late in the day on a weekday & that cut down on the kid-traffic, making the trip through a peaceful and soothing chance to unwind.
Coex Mall and Aquarium
Very nice aquarium with a wide variety of animals. I will post more photos later. Lots of interactive things for children to do to make learning fun. The mall was HUGE. So many stores and places to shop and eat. Really good day but wear your walking shoes!!!!
aquarium at the mall
great aquarium and it's at the mall!. one of the few places with manatees and you can see them up close.one part even has weird fish tanks like kitchen sinks,telephone booths,washing machines etc.planning on going back
Great for the kids
This is a great place when you are traveling with kids and they have gotten tired of watching temples, castles, markets and other stuff their parents want to see. The aquarium is large with a large variety of fish/animals and good english translations. There is an interesting section on the fish in the Seoul area (Han river) and a great kids section where they can touch some sea shell and fish.Combine the visit with some shopping in the Coex mall and you could easily spend a day here.
Cool place to take the kids for 1HR!
Very nice aquarium with interacting activities for the kids do like touching water creatures. Cool designs with fish tanks. Highly recommend this place if you come during the hot summer months. After you are done, you can walk around the mall which has very nice movie theater, duty free shop and Hyundai Dept store at the other end of the COEX. I personally like this place then Seaworld!
Nice place to take your kids
This aquarium is not up to the standards of Long Beach or Toronto, but in a city that's a little short on activities for kids, it's not a bad place to spend an hour or so.
Informative
They offer Military Discounts You could spend the entire day walking around the aquariumGreat for kids of all ages 
Fun afternoon
The aquarium has a wide variety of sea creatures. It was a very open area for the large amount of visitors and was pretty clean. I especially enjoyed how visitors could interact with some of the sea creatures (doctor fish, touching a starfish, etc.) and learn about some of the common illnesses in fish by looking under a microscope. The displays of the fish are also very creative; for example, one fish tank looked like a telephone box, and another looked like refrigerator.
Good Aquarium
Good aquarium to visit if you have not been to one ... but if you have been to the one in some of the other places (Singapore/Thailand/China) then you may not find it as special
Nimo.
Beautiful aquarium. It sure is a fun place for all family members to visit. It has hands on experience with the fishes. lots of fun.
Great aquarium 
For families with children and aquarium lover's this is a must especially if you are visiting Coex mall. Good variety of type of fish. Some local Korean fish. Feeding them is a good experience. I think the ticket was overpriced. The store at the end of aquarium has some nice stuff. 
nice place
For those who have time to spend pleasant I recommend visiting the aquarium.Place abundant in fish sharks turtles.The aquarium is huge and been in a amazing mall.
Creative Design
Looks like small - it indeed small - but with good interior and creative design, surprisingly it's very enjoyable. Recommended.
A good place to visit, if have extra time
A small scale aquarium in the COEX mall. There are many kind of fishes and sea creatures (including seals and penguins). Quite interestingly, there are also some “non-sea creatures”, for example, monkey, rabbits,…etc.I spent a 2 hours’ happy time at the aquarium. If you have extra time, especially on a rainy day, it is a good place to visit.
If you bring children, you must go here.
First I thought it was a small place, but was surprised about how big it actually was. They have some great things for kids, they can touch some of the fish, see how they lay eggs, hatch and a special place with jellyfish. Not only fish, they have seals, manatees, penguins, otters, a croc, turtles and a lot more than I would expect. Though it's in a mall, the whole thing is quite big with a big tank and a glass tunnel. Kids will love this place, and so did I.
More of a zoo than an aqaurium
Had a lot of beautiful fish displays but also a fair amount of animals too, like otters and beavers and Guinea pigs. 
aquarium in the mall
This aquarium in the mall, dont have a lot of species of fish compare to ocean world. But the price i think is much cheaper.so for killing time 1-2 hours. This place is okay to visit.Fresh water have arapaima, red tail catfish, sturgeon, salt water is shark, manta and no whale here.
Awesome 
It's just awesome, kids like it so much and don't want to leave. Every part of it is so attractive with different theme, be prepared to spend hours to experience it. I can't wait to be back. 
Whole world at one place
The COex aquarium has been designed to entertain all age groups. The money is worth spending. it takes 3 hours at least to cover. As compared to Dubai, Singapore and London, I found this to be bigger and more number of fish types
Not Bad but Not Brilliant
This is a ok aquarium but there are some things that let it down. Some of the tanks are a little small but this is due to the fact that it is in a mall. Despite this, it's still a nice way to spend the day. For Conan O'Brien fans, they have Samuel the Octopus on display toward the end of the aquarium. They also have an exhibit of more "unusual" fish tanks, with fish inhabiting such things as sinks, fridges and phone booths.This would be a good place to bring children. There's an "aquarium passport" that children can pick up and stamp along their way through the aquarium.All in all, a decent enough aquarium but certainly not the best one I've been to.
Pleasantly surprised.
The only other Korean Aquarium we have been to is in Busan which was small. We were nervous about the Coex since it was in a mall. There was no problems! We went early on a Sunday and it was not as packed as we feared it would be. Our little ones, 3.5 and almost 2, had a blast. The only thing we didn't care for where the touch exhibits. Those poor aquatic animals. But since our kids enjoyed it, we would certainly go back.
Great aquarium!
The first part is mostly local, freshwater fish. Don't spend too much time there if you want to see the sharks and octopi--there are lots of those later!
Pretty Aquarium
Loved the aquarium it starts with little tanks than gets bigger and better as it progresses , there are alot if things to see you can do this and explore within 2 hours 
Great rainy day visit
At first glance, i thought an aquarium in the middle of a mall, but i was very pleased. It had a lot of great aquatic creatures and was a good way to spend an hour 
Nice visit
The highlight was the cool little water ballet routine by the food court the divers joining in making the kids laugh and when the sea life were being fed. There were interesting fish tanks made out of old appliances, sinks, vending machines ect.. 
Great aquarium at a conference center!
We were pleasantly surprised by the quality and size of this aquarium. Lots of great exhibits with a variety of species from around the world, as well as many tanks highlighting the fish of Korea. Exhibits were cleverly displayed, most signs provided in both Korean and English. On a weekday late morning, we had the place almost to ourselves with very few other visitors in sight. This would be a great rainy day activity; as it was, it filled several hours before we had to leave for the airport at the nearby CALT center neighboring COEX. Great family activity, although my husband and I enjoyed it even without kids. It might be considered a bit pricey after the low cost entrance fees to the royal palaces and free entrance to the War Museum, but once inside we had no regrets over paying the $20-22 fee. Well worth it!
Perfect date spot
Went here with my boyfriend. It's very interesting! First they start of with small aquariums, but the further in you go the bigger it gets. The sharks was very interesting to see!
Ideal for kids, not so great for fish, birds and mammals...
There isn't much you can really expect from an aquarium in a mall, but it's disappointing to see the conditions the sea mammals and birds are living in. The fish seemed fine, but the poor dugongs.... covered in layers of muck and so listless. This place is great for kids, but I'm grateful my daughter is too young to understand how bad the conditions were for the sea mammals.
연간회원
첫째가 물고기를 너무 좋아하여 연간회원 끊었어요. 3번만와도 본전뽑내요. 볼거리도 많고 직접 만져볼 수 있는 불가사리랑 멍게도 있고 애들이 너무 좋아하네요. My kid loves aquarium so we got the annual membership which is worth it. Lots of things to see and you could even touch the starfish. Pretty decent size place, not as big as Shedd Aquarium in Chicago but its got its own uniqueness. 
Worth a go if you have extra days in Seoul
The aquarium is quite clean and new. Glad to see penguins there. The aquarium isn't as large as I expected. I was expecting to see many large sea creature but there are not many.If you have very tight schedule in Seoul I suggest you to skip this attraction. 
Coex Aquarium
Very interesting place. We have really enjoyed. A lot of fantasy, a lot of imagination.We would like to have English guide.
A must visit place
Being grown up in a coastl city, I had my fair share of visits to aquarium in India but Coex Aquarium beats it by far and large.Never ever miss visiting this place in your to-do list.You get to see a large variety of aquatic species and you can also touch few of them.What more, you get a free manicure inside :)That is, you are allowed to dip your hands in the aquarium of doctor fish, which eat away the dead cells of your skin.For those who are inquisitive and daring enough to touch will get a chance to touch the octopus!!You can see a wide range of jelly-fish.Ocean kingdom beats all with its collection of sharks, large fish, seals, turtles and what not.And penguins add more charm to the place :)What you must observe is not just the species but the aquarium as well. You must give accolades to them for their creativity.Ever imagined that your front load washing machine can be an aquarium? Or a bed lamp or a dressing table or a refrigerator or a public telephone booth for that matter? No? Well, then you will get to see them all and much more in Coex Aquarium.
Great
Outstanding aqua life great how it set out and you can watch diver's do there thing with a shark great family day out
Excellent few hours for the kids
We went on a weekday, so the crowds were minimal, it's a lovely acquarium and the kids loved it. Would recommend it to families with young children.
Interesting Aquarium
Many weird and abnormal aquarium tanks together with normal ones. Plenty of different fish to see and enjoy. Recommended.
No whales !!!
When we arrived lical people told us there are 2 whales living in the aauarium.It sounded very strange but we said its worth check it out.Well, no whales of course!!But its really beutiful aquarium filled with all the fishes you can think of.Really recommended for anyone.And there are instructions in english as well!! 
greedy stupid owners
it was so crowd i could not see half of fishes and great number of kid less then one year old...screaming crying those who could running, parents brining baby cares of course, the baby cares are very helpful in crowd you can push with it all people around. it is painful tho think how all oh those creatures exist in that hell all their life,  show which they announced well....girls under the water making ege (stupid face which pretend to be cute and strange moving with hands close to face) and divers making heart shape with arms.....and all this hell going on in extremely crowd i would leave but just should stay because it was impossible. what surprised me more then greediness is cruelty they scare those creatures who hiding from people from behind so they coming to the front...then again scaring from all that screaming and shouting again hiding and again some scary sounds coming and and again they running in panic back to front....is it smart ? is is what for you use your brain dear owners of Coex Aquarium?
Extensive Aquarium
I thought it was a bit pricey going in, but then was impressed with the size of the aquarium especially for one that is inside a mall. 
Nice
i went there, and was totally empty, it was only my family, its good to give it a quick visit if you are in COEX complex.
A nice family day
Such a perfect place to spend a rainy day. The aquarium was nice, a little smaller than we are used to but still very nice. Families with little children will enjoy it more than those with older. Another benefit is that Hard Rock Café Seoul is right upstairs from the Aquarium.
Amazing
While staying in Seoul my fiancee took me to this Aquarium and I loved it. I loved the way it was organized. Happy to say it has English and Korean on the explanations of each animal (I was quite worried how to understand it). My favorite parts were the sardines and the huge shark tank. Oh almost forgot... and I loved Doctor Fish. I recommend if you are in Gangnam to not miss it.
Great little aquarium.
Older and more accessible exhibits. Loved learning about the jellyfish lifecycle. The sardines were captivating. Informative, well designed and original, Morning we went wasn't crowded at all.
Nice aquarium!
This is a nice aquarium underground in the COEX mall. Definitely good for little kids, but also adults who love the marine life!
Nice place to take children
Coex Aquarium s located inside the coex mall. In the beginning of the visit I though that was so bad experience but the visit along the way is getting better and better. The high point is the sardines show. A very nice place to take children!
Wish there was english on the show
We loved the exhibit but would have love it more if there was an english translation or subtitle on the show with the sardines. Because it seem very nice and our kids would have been able to appreciate watching it more if they understood.
Very nice
Went on a Sunday and it wasn't that busy. Really wasn't expecting the aquarium to be this nice. Had a lot of animals and gave a discount on parking. Weekdays have more shows than weekends. Really happy and it was well worth the price of admission. 
Interesting Concept and expect your Kids to stay in!
I have been to Korea many times, but first time visiting COEX Aquarium as my baby really love fishes. We spent almost a good 3 hours inside, we enjoyed it so much and my baby really didnt want to leave the place! We had fish spa for our fingers, took many pictures, wow at many exhibits and enjoyed the show! Thanks to the cleaner for telling us there's a show going on (as I understood Korean), the very kind diver even made a 'Saranghae' action to my baby which he still remembers till date! Thumbs up! 
Fish and some Mammals
This aquarium was a lot of fun. Even though we weren't coming here with kids it was a very enjoyable. It took us about 2 1/2 hours to get through all of the exhibits, but with kids I would plan more time. We really enjoyed the exhibits with the fish in random object such as a coke machine, and a fridge. That exhibit also had rabbits and guinea pigs in a bathroom setting that was quite humorous. It wasn't too crowded even though we went there the day after Christmas.
Colorful fishes
You must get the feel of this place. Worth spending money on it. You will get to see shark also. It will pass over your hear. It is just awesome.
Awesome!
One of the best aquariums I've been to. From the outside it looks like it is going to be a small aquarium, but inside it is very well done. A lot of time has been taken to decorate this aquarium. Spent a lot of time walking around. Would be great with little kids. It is great for big kids too :)
Spontaneous
The wife and I just so happen to be walking around the coex mall and saw signs for the aquarium so it peaked our interest. Was not expecting so much. It had a lot of different exhibits and provided places to make some great memories.
fishes
coex aquarium is indoor which is good that you plan to go here during bad weather. foreigners who ride public transportation would past through sm town where you can buy plenty of band items there such as exo, girls generation and so on. coming back to coex aquarium. the price is not bad because of the wide aquarium and types of fishes, sharks and mammals you see. there are also a few stops where you can touch the creatures which is a great experience for anyone at any age :D thumbs up from mee !!
Not Worth the Price
It is very clean, and it is very polished. But.... it is a private aquarium in the middle of a shopping mall. It is very expensive for a family of four, and not worth the price of admission.
More of Kids attraction
inside a Huge mall, you will need 20min to find it since it's deep down, the ticket is for 20Euros, the tour can be done in 30min, in the morning you will find School kids with there teachers, it has a nice introduction to sea life 
Aquarium inside a Shopping Mall
The Aquarium will take you about at least 1 hour to walk around. Lots of ocean fish near the middle towards the end of the Aquarium. My kids love it especially they can feel and touch some of the sea creatures. Do ask for location of the coex aquarium as its a huge mall. If you are taking a taxi, do print the name address in korean characters.
Something to do besides shop
This is located inside of the huge COEX mall. Path to the aquarium is well marked. Lots of fish from around the globe. Big shark tank and they had a show with divers. The grandkids enjoyed it.
Great Aquarium For The Price
The COEX Aquarium is a fantastic aquarium for the price point. It starts off slow with really small fish and sea creatures, but eventually opens up to larger tanks and fish. I would say this COEX Aquarium is almost as good as the Jeju Aquarium, but it's half the price.
Great for family gatherings, average shows
On a work trip so decided to drop by, the shows were average and was hoping to see a bigger tank (I was comparing to my experience in Osaka and Singapore aquariums). Entrance fee is 22,000 won, that said they made the whole experience very convenient, with multiple lockers, clear signs, interaction with sea creatures etc. it was just smaller than expected. 
Beautiful aquarium
I enjoyed the aquarium greatly and the animals were interesting and you can get really close to them. The reason for the two star rating is because the aquarium is way overpriced it's almost $30 just to see animals like penguins and turtles so it really wasn't worth the time yes it was beautiful and I enjoyed it too but save your money there are better places in Seoul ♡
This is excellent for children. 
This is very good for children. It is underground. So you can have a plan under bad weather conditions. There is beautiful Budhist Temple, Bongjeongsa Temple where the "Monk Exam" was held. Actually Aquarium is the very place of Exam. :) 
Fishy Odor
The Coex Aquarium is small and had a stale fish smell starting from main entrance. Not much fish to see but many parents brought their children there to watch the fishes.
Not really fun
COEX was supposed to be a big center considering the reviews I have read. Well, it is not. Small shopping mall and unimpressive Aquarium. There is a Budhist temple just in front of it that is much more interesting
Well displayed but small
Very easy to find, it is within the Coex complex. It displayes some rare and not so rare fish and the best ones are the Sharks, so close to the visitors.
it's not big but beautiful aquarium.
If you will visit Coex Mall you have to go to Coex aquanrium~ i can be having fun with lover or children. 
AMAZING AQUARIUM
The COEX Aquarium is located at the Coex Shopping Centre where you would never expect to find an aquarium. The displays and fish are very nicely presented. One of the best Aquariums I have been to.
Loved this! Manatee Exhibit.
Located in the Coex Mall, this aquarium is entirely underground. When we started out I was thinking it looked like a fish store which didn't make me happy. However as we moved on, this turned out to be a most wonderful aquarium, it matches any worldwide large aquarium easily. I really enjoyed this. 
calming!
as expected, it will give you joy and entertainment in a calm manner. the usual aquariums but different design approach. 
Surprisingly nice!
If you get tired of shopping check out the aquarium! I was pleasantly surprised by how big it is. It took me about 2 hours on my own. It might take longer with children. There are a number of fun exhibits including one where they turned everyday objects into fish tanks. They made a refrigerator, washing machine and phone booth into tanks. They are really cool. The aquarium has manatees, sharks, seals and more.
Coex Aquarium
I read some reviews about it and I had high expectations about it but unfortunately when I went there i found it normal , nothing special about it and it is even less than normal.
Just Ok
Visited the Aquarium to kill time. It is more suitable for young children than grown ups. Had a good display of different species of fish though. The live Penguin feeding was interesting.
One of the best I've seen
I have seen a lot of aquariums and this was definitely one of the best. Not only is it informative but it's also entrain img as they try to put their own twist on it. You can even touch some fish there!! Would recommend about 2-3 hours but I could easily have spent all day there. If I ever go back to South Korea again, I will definitely be going there! 
Nice but not that big!
It's nice place but don't expect to see something special. It's more for kids than adults. However, you should see it when you visit Coex Mall. 
Second time
it was my second visit, love the place, clean, lots of things to see. a bit different with my first visit.
An Aquarium in the a Shopping mall Gangnam
A small aquarium in the shopping mall Gangnam. Can try to put your hands in the water tub which is full of small fish to nibble away dead skin on your fingers. The best part is at the end of the aquarium, therefore if not much to tour around, then move faster to see the most instresting views at the end of the route.
Amazing collection
A lot larger than I expected. Great collection of fish, and a nice break from wandering the cavernous mall and losing money at the casino (slots only!)
Nice place but a bit expensive....
I am a huge fan of aquariums, so I enjoyed COEX aquarium. Fish of all kinds is a feast for eyes. COEX also has otters and parrots inside. The only drawback is price. It's a bit expensive comparing to what the aquarium offers. 
a bit expensive but generally okay
Its a bit expensive, but generally was okay. Lots of different fishes.... We even managed to get into mermaid show. 
Crowded.
There are some nice displays but the huge tank at the end was really the best part, with its large fish, turtles and sharks. There "SHOW" consisted of the large tank .feeding It was very crowded and had many children but might be different during the week. There are wheelchairs if you need to use one.
Underwater in a Mall
Visited the COEX Aquarium after a visit to Bongeunsa Temple. Not a really big aquarium, tanks are mostly small. However, i enjoyed their "petting zoo", whereby we were allowed to get up close to sea creatures. Overall an average experience, for I have seen bigger Aquariums.
Crowded, expensive and small
It's in the Coex mall and it's pretty much like every other small aquarium you've ever gone to. If you absolutely have nothing better to do, go ahead and spend 20,000+krw. Frankly, I'd rather walk around the mall (I hate malls), see a movie and have a bite to eat.
Nice place to visit
I was here few times. And always enjoy my visiting. They had a very wide range of animals and the exhibits are very well maintained. It takes about 2 hours to look through all the exhibits
Expensive and overrated
After 5 years in Korea, I finally gave in an went to Coex Aquarium with my boyfriend's sister and nieces. In all honesty, I've never been a fan of aquariums, but this one is nothing special. It's crowded, the tanks are too small for many of the larger fish/mammals and most people are more interested in taking photos of themselves at the aquarium that actually looking at anything. There are other (better) sites to see in Seoul (and Korea) that are cheaper and a far better use of time. 
Sea inside a mall
Awesome is the word. This place should be in the must go place in your trip. The coex mall in itself is very large and you cannot even imagine so big aquarium inside the mall.They have created an environment where fish can be found everywhere. In refrigerator, washing machine, phone booths etc etc. They have large varieties of fish available. There is also a show inside which is also very good.Overall you will find a day very well utilized in Seoul :) :)
Beautiful
They say that this is the second largest in Asia. So beautiful the entire tour will take an hour but it is must visit and every penny value. The kids will love it. Staff very efficient.
Under the Sea in the Mall
So this place is actually in the Coex Mall.I spent a couple hours here checking out the fish and little wild life they had.There were so many fish and some of the designs for the aquariums holding the fish were interesting...one set of fish live in a little place that makes music by the movement of the fish.Another set of fish lived in a sink, another set in a refridgerator!They also have a set of doctor fish -but the ones from Turkey, not from China-. I'm not sure why that was important, but there is a plaque next to the wall stating this info.There is also an area for penguins and seals and manitees. The seals were so fun because they kept playing with me through the glass.I would recommend this place for all ages!
A day well spent
Coex aquarium is definitely worth a visit if you have some spare time. The aquarium is well set out,the displays are very well done and it was good to see them feeding the fish.Being in a large shopping mall there is many places where you can get something to eat and do some window shopping after you have been through the aquarium.Look for the Hyundai shopping centre if you are into food. The presentation is something special however check the prices before you buy.Get the subway back. A day well spent.
A nice Aquarium best suited for kids
I like to visit Aquariums when I travel and this is a nice one but it is really geared for small children.
Awesome
Coex Aquarium is huge aquarium, and has a lot of different kinds of sea animals. Sharks are the main icon of the aquarium. The restaurant Deep Blue will offer great experience to you.
Aquarium in the City
I thought it will just be another aquarium but it is nice! Aquarium in the city and they display many modernized aquarium setting. Worth going for a different aquarium experience.
 A good experience for children 
I saw so many school kids enjoying their visit but to me it was not the best choice. however I recorded some movies to show to my little daughter.
One of the best Aquariums
This is one of the best aquariums I have been to. They had a very wide range of animals and the exhibits are very well maintained like everything else we had visited in Seoul. May seem a little pricey but very in line with what everything else in Seoul costs. Our boys - 4, 7, 11 - had a such a great time and couldn't stop talking about how much fun it was. The 11 year old said it was so much better than he expected! We stayed about 2 hours which was enough time to see all the exhibits and get out of the heat. It was a little busy but was assuming that it is end of summer trips for many.
Good
I really advice you not to waste your time as you have alternatives. Yes it is a good place to visit but seoul is a full city with many thing better than this place
Tops My List of Aquariums
I think people are being a little too harsh on this place...In regards to what others have said, "too expensive" or "not worth the price for the size" and "I've been to better."My thoughts on these comments: "too expensive" and "not worth the price for the size"It's 22,000 won for an adult (which is about $22). That's a few dollars cheaper than the other aquariums I've been to. So with that being said I don't think it was too expensive. I also have to say that it felt a lot bigger (maybe even double) the size of the aquariums I've been to (Aquarium by the Bay in San Francisco and Sea Life at the Mall of America.) So I have to say that it's worth the price for the size."I've been to better"I have to say this tops my list for aquariums. It was mapped out perfectly and you flowed through the place. It was more than just fish but mammals as well. I doubt I'll ever go to another aquarium that has penguins, seals, sea otters, manatees, crocodiles, etc. all in one place. Other highlights for me: cool fish tank displays (working Coke machine, washing machine) and "Dr. Fish."
Indoor fun!
The aquarium took about 2 hours. Kids enjoyed the unconventional tanks! We walked around Coex mall and then spent some time at the bookstore. It's a great place to spend on a rainy day in Seoul! 
Great aquarium
I especially loved the interactive displays and the glass tunnel. Many different types of sea creatures. 
Highlight of my trip!
I love coex aquarium! Located within a mall there was alot to do even after u left. The aquarium itself is separated into different sections and now includes a touch and see section and where you can actually touch the fishes (its actually more like the mussels and etc type stuff) as well as dip your hands for the doctor fishes (known to eat the dead skin off your hands/feet). Theres also a science laboratory section where you can see the growth stages of the sea creatures. Best thing is that they made it so that you can easily take photos without it reflecting light off your pictures. Whole thing should take a bit over an hr. Hope u enjoy!
Nothing special, but ok.
Quite a standard aquarium experience. In the middle there are some funny installations, such as "phone booth aquarium", or fishes swimming inside a laundry machine. A bit expensive compared to other major aquariums in Asia.
One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish —Look a Shark!
I really didn't want to go to the aquarium, but my husband insisted we look at the fish so I went with him. The price about $20 usd was a bit steep I thought, but none-the-less we entered. Never have I been so pleasantly surprised! The place was well layed out, with arrows pointing the direction so you didn't collide with other observers and just enough light to see, but not so much that the place seemed artificial and gaudy. Not only does the aquarium house fish, but it also has turtles, rabbits, alligators, beavers, and prairie dogs. In some cases, I saw creatures in person that until then I had only seen on Animal Planet or the Discovery Channel. I must say, the Coex Aquarium is a wonderful attraction and a must see if you visit Seoul.
Great aquarium
We had such a good day at the aquarium. This is such an unexpectedly good attraction in the COEX mall. It is one of the largest aquaria we have ever been to. There are all sorts of animals that live in the water here (not just fish) such as beavers, alligators, penguins, otters and huge turtles. The entrance price is quite high but, I think, entirely worth it. We did get a discount as we had bought something at one of the stores in the mall. We spent around 2 1/2 hrs here. If you time it right, try and see some of the feeding times. Penguins at 15.30. We found the keepers very respectful of the animals too as they were observing a penguin
Disappointing
We have been to many aquariums, this one was nothing special in our opinion. The cost to get in is not worth it. For the price, it needs to be 2-3 times larger. Our pre-teens were bored. We spent maybe 2 hours here. And that was us TRYING to take our time and read everything to get our moneys worth.
Good time
Good to see some very cute looking fish tanks. Not an enormous aquarium but big enough for me to walk around and relax looking at the fishes swim.
Once in Seoul with the Kiddos, great place to check it out.
Not cheap but worth the price. Had a blast with a family of friends. We went on Tuesday and we got lucky because it wasn't crowded and we could appreciate the all the cool upgrades.
A nice day trip
A great place to visit if you're staying in the area, for sure. Nearby the buffet (which has wine!). Also, ask for the foreigner discount if you're not Korean to save a bit of money on admission.
Fun Aquarium in the Coex Mall area
My family stayed at the Intercontinental Coex and walked along the corridors to the subway often. We passed the Coex Aquarium frequently and made a point to visit before our trip to Seoul was complete.This is a pretty big aquarium. I think it's bigger than the 63 Sea World, we liked it even better than 63 Sea World. There were lots of fish, sharks, rays, seals, jelly fish, penguins, and a touch pool area. There was an area geared towards kids but it was a little bit run down when we visited and not all the exhibits worked. We were a little disappointed, but aside from that everything was well maintained and the homes of the creatures looked clean and cared for. There were many many tanks to see animals in. They boast 3,000 tons of water with 650 species, and 40,000 living things.The place is open 10am to 8pm every day of the year. Even when they are closed they have a couple beautiful tanks outside filled with color fish to entice you to return when they are open.They have an overpriced cafe and a souvenir shop. They are a little on the expensive side at about $19 for adults, and $14 for kids. We saw the entire place in about an hour. Our favorite parts included the Japanese garden type area with a huge koi pond, the photo op type things you stick your head through, that they had a chipmunk at an aquarium, the seahorses, the penguins, and the jellyfish.
One of the best!
I visited the COEX Aquarium today and I really enjoyed it. The themes are good, with ample species of fish and wildlife. It is the first time I saw penguins and beavers in captivity. It was also the first time I saw a living corral. The show was also good, and it did not involve petting animals.Overall a good two hours well spent. 
very good aquarium
Lots of information about the fish Lots of fish! Watched the snapping turtles feed, that was great The Manatees were the cutest I liked the Korea section - fish in Korea I completed the little treasure hunt thing and got all the stamps I think some of the displays were a little strange but creative (fish inside washing machine, fish inside refrigerator, fish inside telephone box etc) I didn't feel that there was enough effort in raising awareness about ocean conservation, but of course there was some at least Ocean conservation education is pretty important to me so I felt that could have been betterYou can touch the starfish And I saw the two huge tortoises mating There were jellyfish (which they didn't have in Seaworld, Yoiudo) And a huge octopus which was sleeping It took a while to get around It took the whole day actually (one hour from where i stay plus lunch and then going home again) I liked how it takes you through all the different waters of the world so you always know which "region" you are in when you see the fish Some of the creatures were really massive And they all look healthy and the staff were affectionate towards the animals so... good place :) 
Very cool!
I was under the impression this place was going to be a really cruel place with no room for the animals to move but I was pleasantly surprised. The rabbits (yes they have rabbits) had heaps of room! Most fish tanks were relatively full for the smaller fish but nothing horrendous! The tanks for the larger animals such as sharks, stingray, manatee etc were huge and they had heaps of room! The only cage that I didn't like was for the monkey :( he needed more room. Otherwise the place in general was very exciting and fun - even for older people! The 'doctor' fish that eat dead skin cells off your hands and the Sharks were definitely my highlight! In my opinion overall worth the money and recommend!
Worth A Visit
We thought the COEX Aquarium looked modern and was imaginatively laid out. To us, it was better than most, not as good as some others. It had enough of interest to keep us occupied for a little over an hour. It is located in a large shopping centre.
A Better Aquarium Than I expected!
This is a pretty good aquarium, better than I thought it would be. It is a great place for small children with many features provided for their benefit, like an acquatic petting zoo! There is a tube shaped aquarium with a beautiful array of sharks and rays and other species. There is enough English signage for non-Koreans. Bathrooms are easily reachable. 
Started out so lame but ended up great! Excellent place to unwind after a conference.
Went here on thursday afternoon and not many people around. I was disappointed at the start because the first half of the aquarium all you see was small tanks with random species of freshwater fish, saltwater fish and other animals that are not exactly water bound. I understand otter, frogs, waterbugs, turtles and saltwater crocodiles being there but squirrels, rabbits and bats?Anyhow, the exhibits for the smaller animals needed upgrading. I have seen children aquarium better than those. I mean, plastic seaweed, people? Really? But luckily things got better from there. The bigger tanks had giant manatees, and some other rare species. Jellyfish aquarium was so much fun. Saltwater aquariums grouped by region (hawaii tank, pacific tank, great barrier reef and so on) were fabulous. The shark tank and the silvery school of fish in the main tank took my breath away. Too bad most of animal information was written in korean, only the names were written in english. Adults will probably spend 1 hour here walking leisurely but if you are travelling with kids be prepared to spend around 2 hours or more.
Cruel
50 fish to one small tank. The place is busy and the fish are in tiny tanks. I love Korea but I don't like the zoos etc over there.
Much better than expected 
This aquarium is in the Coex Mall. I thought it's a small one with exhibition of just some fish according to the map given. Yet the route shown on the map is not in proportion or ratio in any sense. My 7-yr-old enjoyed strolling around a lot. There are some shallow tanks where you can touch different species too. 
Cruel display environments.
My friends and I were visiting Seoul for just 2 days. we decided to take a city tour that included the Codex Aquarium. My friends enjoy diving and marine anything. The building that houses the Aquarium is a marvel. There are shops and restaurants and meeting places for large events. A huge facility. The entry to the exhibit space is colorful and welcoming. And then it happens. You see large tanks of huge fish, so full of fish that it looks like one of those choose your own fish for supper places. Sadly, it gets worse, because they also have marine mammals, otters etc. and they have no room to swim, little tiny bits of water in the very front of the case, no privacy areas. They have Bats, where they cannot fly. They have Manatees just in a tank, no environment and with 3 beasts no room to really move and nowhere to move to. Really really sad. The whole thing is just heart breaking. Kids who don't know any better will love it. But their parents who should know better should not take them there and support this cruel treatment.
Better than Expected
I thought an aquarium inside a mall would be an over-sized pet store with some fish. In reality this aquarium is large, and has a lot of exhibits. Marine mammals, birds, a wide array of fish. The displays are good. Entry price is about $20. 
There is no such thing as a fish...
That title is actually true, seriously check it out.Anyway... this place has everything from penguins to dolphins, fantastic shows and feed (i recommend getting there earlier so you can follow the feeding and enjoy the shows. so much to see that you certainly won't be bored. everything from the colourful to the fantastic.
Brilliant fun
Great place, spent hours in here on numerous visits. Interesting and creative displays and so many different tanks and exhibits. Well maintained and great fun.
Fantastic!
I have visited aquariums in Indonesia, Bangkok, Osaka and Tokyo. But from my point of view, this one is the best!The place is huge, well maintained, clean, and consist of thousand varieties of sea creatures.We spent almost 4 hours inside, and my kids love this place very much.A very worth visit!
Wonderful experience
I had never been to an aquarium before. I thought its gonna be boring. But this place is amazing, and I loved the variety they have and amazing experience indeed.
Nice place to go
We really enjoyed spending some unique time in this special place. Many species of fishes and a lot of more than that. Sharks were the nicest part for me. I think that the price was a little higher, but it is strongly recommended. 
Well-done, memorable displays of aquatics
Yes, it is an aquarium in a shopping mall, but surprisingly well done: clean, well-organized, well-labeled (sufficient English signage and labels), well-lit. The animals all appear to be well-cared-for and displayed in suitable educational settings. That said, there are also humorous and creative goldfish tanks in washing machines and other unexpected setups. I would call this a must-see stop for kids and aquarium aficionados. We saw the sardine-dancing show, which was clearly for the kids -- scuba divers in royal robes -- but still entertaining. We went on a holiday, so it was really crowded, though still manageable. It is not cheap, but not outrageous, for 3 good hours of educational entertainment. If you live in the area, buy an annual pass, to bypass the ticket queue. I mean, you can go shopping, go to a movie, and drop by the shark tank. What more could you ask for?
A wide variety of fish
For an aquarium in a mall, it had an impressive variety of fish. Many small tropical to even large shark tank. Location was very convenient with large number of restaurants in mall. Easy access to subway
Surprisingly nice aquarium, little pricey.
This is a really nice aquarium with many more amazing fish, sharks, and sea creatures than I expected. We really enjoyed it, especially the large exhibits with turtles, sharks, and sting rays. Somewhat pricey, but not exorbitant.
interesting
My kids both 12 and 10 years old both loved this Coex Aquarium!! they had seen here several sea animals that they have never seen before.. Very educational and very clean. I especially love how they design the aquarium of the sea animals!!! very creative!!! Love this aquarium!!!
This is not Sea World
This is not Sea World, but it is the nicest aquarium in Seoul - plenty of interesting exhibits, and it can get a little crowded at times in some of the narrower spaces. Very interesting fish exhibits from around the world, with some mammals (penguins, manatees, otters, etc) and amphibians mixed in. Plan to time your visit around some of the live feeding shows - the staff put on an entertaining underwater show in their wet suits and costumes. The aquarium is located on the lower level of the mall, so there are plenty of dining options right nearby. Best to go during the week when things are a bit less crowded - the entry fee was not exorbitant, about $20 US for adults, a bit less for teens and younger children. You can easily spend 3 hours strolling and viewing the exhibits.
Great indoor aquarium - COEX
The COEX Aquarium in Gangnam district, Seoul, is one of South Korea's largest Aquariums with over 40,000 creatures from over 650 species on display. The COEX Aquarium features 90 exhibition tanks grouped in fourteen "discovery zones", including six themed areas. The aquarium is housed within the COEX mall. I particularly loved Wonderland - the home of unusual fish tanks in the form of toilet bowls, telephone booth (yes, the big red telephone booth and imagine it with fish inside)...Wonderland brings together a crazy collection of eccentric fish tanks. The shower-cubicle tank is home to a yellow-bearded dragon fish, and there is a seahorse living in a computer monitor. Put your hand in the bathtub and you will be tickled by doctor fish, from the river basins of Turkey.The Seven Seas features a kaleidoscope of tropical fish while Ocean Kingdom is home to dozens of sharks, rays and huge schools of fish, creating a real sense of life in the deep seas. We stayed for quite a while in Ocean Kingdown admiring the sharks :)
A lot of hands on for all as you can feel some creatures. It's quite worth a visit if you have some time.
Coex Aquarium is inside Coex Mall. Coex Mall is connected to the subway & easily accessible. However, this mall is a high end mall & we did not really shop there.
 Interesting creatures 
Lots of beautiful creatures in relatively good sized aquariums. Some creatures in cages/aquariums that were far too small. The information boards, for the majority, were easy to translate into common english. The exhibitions were interesting. We had 3 hours to look around and found it not quite enough time.
Fun, creative exhibits, but crowded.
We went here last weekend with a 14 year only and a four year old. If you have little ones, don't go on the weekend unless you want to carry them the whole time so they can see. It was extreamly crowded and backpacks and purses were knocking my little guy constantly. There is free stroller parking and lockers for 1000-2000 won. It cost around 70000 won for our family. We enjoyed it. The sea lions and manatees were great, especially at feeding time. There was a diver and fish show that was cool too. They have an exhibit area that had a variety of artistic shapes aquariums. The pufferfish, shark, and seahorses were great. There was an electric eel display and plenty on cool river fish. Many of the fish names were labeled in English, but the descriptions were all in Hungul. Overall, a fun way to spend a few hours. I would go back on a weekday. Tip: bring your lic. Plate number and type it into the kiosk at the entrance for discounted parking. There are English signs in the parking garage for the aquarium. The CoEx mall also has lots of food choices, a theater, and a giant 2 story slide. 
Large in size and in variety of exhibits
The Coex aquarium is located inside the Coex Mall, on the lower level. It is open till 8pm. Since it is in the mall, you can enjoy many of the restaurants inside the mall. Entrance for adults is 22000 won.
Awesome, not Perfect
I really enjoyed the Coex aquarium. Visitors are directed through the museum along a prescribed path, with each room or area promoting some different theme. There were fish that I had never seen before and some especially interesting creatures (the manatee exhibit was very cool). There were a few displays/pens that I found a bit disturbing due to the size. I found the monkey, beaver and crocodile exhibits to be far too small. On the whole however, I though it was great and would definitely recommend it.
Bigger than it looks from the outside!
When you see the Aquarium from inside COEX Mall, it's deceiving. It seems like it would be a very small aquarium. But once you're inside, it keeps going and going with pleasant surprises. I especially liked seeing the sharks through the clear glass tunnel. I also enjoyed seeing the penguins jump in and out of the water. There are two downsides to this aquarium. It's very crowded on Saturday afternoons which should come as no surprise. You'll be bombarded with kids and some parents that might bump into you with their strollers. Also, the prices are a bit steep (22,000 won for adults, 19,000 for middle/high school students, and 16,500 for senior citizens). But if you're patient, you'll be able to enjoy a nice experience.
Better than Building 63 Aquarium
Me and the Mrs missed this place on our last journey but we finally made it on time. We enjoyed this one more than the Building 63's Aqaurium. The animals here seemed more alive....well there was one beaver that seemed sickly. I think we stopped and took photos at every area. What was awesome were the dipping dot ice cream. I haven't had those in forever. My wife loved them as well. We did the one time purchase vs the annual membership....not sure why anyone woukd do a annual membership to an aquarium but each their own. Take your children here....they will have a blast
Basic aquarium
The aquarium was well maintained. I went during the day on Thursday so there were not many other people visiting but several preschool classes. Children will enjoy this most but adults can still appreciate all the different species of fish and amazing colors of saltwater fish! I have been to other aquariums so this did not excite me a whole lot but my mother had never seen anything like this and was amazed! One interesting aspect was the "tunnel" that you can walk through, it is as if you are in Biblical times when the Red Sea was parted. That was the most interesting part and best viewing area.
Nice afternoon visiting the Coex aquarium!
Maybe this is not the best aquarium in the world, but my 10yo and I spent a nice afternoon visiting this aquarium. Despite the fact that most explanations are in Korean, the visit is very pleasant, relaxing, interesting. The shows are great, the undersea tunnel is amazing...and we especially loved the fish doctors: you put your fingers in a small aquarium, and the little fishes come and clean the dead skin on them. Very funny! And like in North america, you exit the aquarium by the gift shop...very smart! Easy to please your child with not so many Won.
Great for kids, still entertaining for adults
My wife and I did this attraction towards the end of our trip and really enjoyed it, it's not far from the Buddhist Temple in Gangnam and is a great way to spend a couple of hours. The price isn't too bad from memory and a lot of the fishes and other animals would not be seen in any other aquariams.Well worth the trip.
Fish in all sizes
If you like aquariums you'll like this one too.Offers good views of the fish and loads of different kinds of fish.Nice attraction for 2-3 hours.
Unique
The aquarium was different form the ones I have seen in the state, the places were they keep their fish are very unique and everything seems very close you can almost touch them. Nice trip if you are visiting with young children.
AMAZING!!!
My favorite aquarium in USA is Montreal Bay Aquarium in California, and this one comes close to it. This aquarium is located under the Coex complex where all the major trading events are held. With tons of shopping opportunities, restaurants, and movie theater within the complex, it is a great place to spend a day especially when the weather is not good. 
Kids like this
It offer good aquarium's view and clean and also Kids love this.but this facility is not that big place than I expected.
Animal cruelty.
I went for the fish, but what I saw shocked me.They have a single monkey in solitary confinement, inside a glass box the size of a toilet cubicle. There are also some other mammals held under questionable conditions. All the animals, including the fish, look a little neglected.Even looking at the fish was no fun; the place tends heavily to little children and lots of displays are tailored for them (think: low-height windows, lots of playthings, loud music etc).Go and spend your $22 elsewhere. Lots of pleasant things to see and do in beautiful Seoul!
Very Pleasant Family Fun
The aquarium in Seoul is great. Located right in the middle of the city in the modern COEX mall, it is easy to get to by subway, walking, or bus. It is really nice.I went with my girlfriend on a weekend, and it was crowded, but the flow was good. It is underground, so it is really cool and well ventilated, and I never felt like I was in a big crowd. Everyone moved around and through the line really well, and everyone was happy, especially the kids. With so much to see, it is laid out and designed very well. Along with the most beautiful sea creatures that you will ever see, there are extras like other animals and reptiles. Lots of fun with a Disney like flair with little props and stages for the kids.There are drink machines all along the "caves" inside, so you will not go thirsty, and plenty of staff around to help at any time. Perfect day for the family. Going fast, 1 hour. Taking your time, 3 hours. Well worth the $22 admission price.
Deep blue ocean
Nice place where you can easily spend an hour or even two. Many children. A little bit expensive, but inside there are many unusual expositions, like telephon box filled with fishes. Actually, i like everything in it :) At friday, in the morning about 11am, there aren't many people here.
When you're tired of palaces and temples
I havn't been to so many aquariums since they mostly display the same things. That beeing said I really liked this one. It's fairly big and have many different kinds of fish and other animals living in water (penguins, seals and sea lions etc.) We spent some hours here. There is a snacks area where you can buy hot dogs and drinks. They also have a souvenier shop that was good.
Only if you are ready for a very crowded and mediocre attraction
Went there with 5 adult and 1 child (2year old) on Saturday afternoon. We just went there because we had a lunch reservation at coex intercontinental hotel and my mom wanted a place to spend some time with her grandchild after lunch. Even though I wasn't looking too much forward, I was disappointed. It was really crowded and everybody was just walking in line to see rows of tiny view through a small window. However just to give some ways of discount info, it's 22000krw for 1 adult but you can buy discount ticket for 3 or 4 from internet mall in advance and you can save approx 25% of the cost. Children under 47months is free per 1 adult. The annual pass is approx 2.3 times the 1 time entrance so if you plan to go more than 3 times definitely worth getting the annual pass although I would not get it myself. If you have seen good aquarium, you probably don't want to go there but no offence I really wish you have fun if you are going~!
Quirky tanks, amazing mammals
Not huge but very attractive. They have many funny tanks like washer or harp-shaped tank with electronic strings which are make sound when a fish cross it. As for me the most amazing critters in Aquarium are manatees, seal and beavers. Manatees are look like huge sea cows who are pasturing under the water.What else. They have Electric eel hunting show. I missed it but it has to be very interesting. I watched one in other Aquarium and that is very unusual and cognitive. Try to find the feeding schedule so you will have more fun.The "touch zoo" tank was filled with frozen cold water so it is almost not possible to touch and play with starfishes in there. That is a great minus.
Disappointment
It's expensive. Around 20,000 won. The space is small, so it gets crowded very easily. The animals were poorly kept. The tanks weren't clean. It had an interesting smell. I was really turned off by the venue. There was one area that seemed to get more attention than all the others. It's an open amazon kind of space. That was the most interesting. I will not go there again.
Hidden Seas
At first, we thought it was pricey too just to see some fishes, but behold! You thought it's small when you buy tickets and get to the entrance, but every step that we took and we saw a lot more than different kinds of sea creatures. They also have cute penguins, monkeys and more animals inside. You wouldn't believe there would be this sight just inside a mall.
Needs more staff to ensure welfare of animals
I really liked this place. 22,000won per person may be a little pricey to some people, but I did get to see many interesting marine animals. The place is well planned out and clearly labelled. I loved the thrasher shark although it wasn't labelled. (I hope I got the name right.)However, there were many people who seemed to not know how to behave in the aquarium. Adults trying to lift tank covers, tapping on tanks. Children shouting, flipping starfishes over at the petting pool, picking starfishes up and out of the water despite signs specifically telling them not to. All of these are not faults of the aquarium, but I think more staff need to be present to ensure that the welfare of the animals are taken care of. The visitors who behave inappropriately need to be reminded that their actions are unacceptable.
Good experience
Visited on a weekend so there was quite a large crowd.Pretty worth it for the price (especially when compared to where I come from) as there was a large variety of fishes to be seen. It was also inside a mall, which made it pretty convenient to visit.
Accidental but amazing visit
Originally I had visited COEX Mall for some shopping but little did I know that it was closed for renovation! I was so devastated until I found out that it has an Aquarium inside. Honestly an aquarium in a shopping mall, I did not think much of it but went in anyway since I didn't want my visit to be an entire waste of time and man was I surprised. I haven't had so much fun in ages, I felt like a little child again. There was a fair number and variety of animals on show and we spent a good couple of hours in here unknowingly. Definitely worth a visit.
Good experience but too crowded
It was kinda boring at first but it became more exciting as I walked further, I saw various of marine life together in one trip, from a tiny jellyfish to a huge shark and mantaray in different size of aquarium! penguin,catfish,manatee, you name it..almost everything can be find here..The not so enjoyable part is, it was too crowded with people especially kids and the price is quite expensive.
Little gem!
We went here one afternoon because we had run out of things to do. I had wanted to go, but it was a bit pricey so it wasn't high on the priority list when I was planning.So glad we went!! It's really well put together. The animals are well cared for and the exhibits are really quirky. Some English, but not a lot, so sometimes you might want to know more about an animal or one of their educational exhibits but the information just wasn't available.It's actually in a really classy shopping centre (the COEX) which we quite enjoyed walking through to get there.
Neat, but expensive!
I went to this place by myself because my buddies did not want to pay the expensive fees. It was neat none the less. It's more for the younger crowd and there isn't much in English... But I was ok as I know fish and aquatic life fairly well. Makke sure you have enough time!
Decent visit but I arrived early
Decent visit, The aquarium doesn't offer much description other then Korean, so much of my visit I have to relies on my limited knowledge of marine life to figure out what I were seeing. the first level was.rather underwhelming, but it get better as you go down in level. good place to spend a morning but do get there early. it can get very crowed approaching noon.
Absolutely terrible!
Do NOT go to this aquarium! I only went because I was visiting the temple across the street which was closed, and I had an hour and a half I had to kill. The aquarium charged $22 U.S. dollars, but it was SO bad that it should have cost $1. This is only if you have little kids with you as they would probably be the only ones to enjoy it as they wouldn't know any better. It was by far the worst aquarium/attraction that I have ever been to in my life. It was so bad that I think I went through the whole place in about 10 minutes. I have never written a poor review but going to another country and spending $22 on a worthless rip off should be warned to all travelers! Again, do NOT waste your money or your time!!!
Could have been better
Visited in March 2014 with my wife and son. He was very excited. But the entry fee was steep at 17$$. But it was ok. The only complaints is the boards and the explanations could have been in English. Not able to read the signs. But worth visiting if going with kids. Situated in the basement of COEX mall and convention center. 
Overpriced with very little to see
Quite possibly the worst rip-off in Seoul. For $17 admission fee you get little value. You get poor signage, incoherent educational value, questionable exhibits (aquarium with a bathroom setting?) and no standout animal attractions. Save your money and check out the free seafood markets instead.
Aquarium with a Korean flair
My boys really enjoyed this aquarium. There are a lot of unique displays made of random items, like aquariums made out of televisions or phone booths and the like. It's quite large and has many interesting specimens. We also got a kick out of the doctor fish where one can stick their hand in the tank and have the fish nibble off the dead skin. Fun times...more expensive than most of the other attractions we saw in Seoul, but for our boys, it was a nice break from all the history and culture. 
Fantastic afternoon with my grandson
This a beautifully presented aquarium and very Korean. It was simply ideal for my grandson whom loves fishes . They are very easy to see, with most displays going down to toddler height. There are some very beautiful highly colored fish including the orange and white 'Nemo' fish and some very impressive Manatee, sharks and Rays. There are cutesy displays like fish in pretend frigs, but the western - one can only show fish in a natural looking environment - attitude, may not necessarily be the best and only way . Let the Koreans have fun! There is a great jungle display and a fabulous coral section - absolutely true to what I have seen snorkeling on the Australian Great Barrier Reef . There are many captions and explanations in English and explanations of how they feed the fish, complete with microscopes to look down . The jelly fish are beautiful . Feeding time for the penguins was at 3:30 and there are other feeding times around 300 pm . At half the price of the Sydney aquarium, it's good value . We went on a Tuesday and it wasn't crowded at all The aquarium is a 8 min walk from Samsung subway and there is an underground route if you want . The whole complex is very upmarket with lots of eateries (not cheap) and shops 
One of the best in the world
Though not very very large, it has all the stuff I want for an aquarium.Really loved how it zones its sea creatures.
Coex Aquarium Seoul
Pretty good.Quite a big aquarium which takes an hour to walk past all the exhibits at a reasonable pace. My particular interest is Salt water Reef which it really was a bit short of...the usual huge tanks with sharks and rays...the usual suspects, Grey Nurse and reef sharks, a decent Tiger a bit unusual in a tank. Good seals and penguins, a great Sea Cow/Manatee/Dugong tank. Quite a lot of freshwater stuff which was interesting but not my obsession...some really interesting Amazon fish including the inevitable Piranha. A handling pool for children with starfish and other harmless and durable sea animals. Really quite a good experience and well suited to taking children for an hour's entertainment. For the Aquarist lots of interest but not coral reef specific which is fair enough. It's not as if you are in Florida or Queensland.
Too crowded 
There were an amazing number of people crammed into the place it was difficult to really see the fish and around feeding times the crush to the front was too much so we left very disappointed. Clearly there is no such thing as too many paying customers.
Nothing Special
For the ticket price we paid we had expected more. But it is the usual aquarium with a selection of fish and sea creatures. It is not that large and you can finish a walk around easily in half an hour.Again nothing special.
Pick a good time to go when there are not thousands of school kids..
I have been there twice. Last time i went i made the big mistake to go when there was a kids school field trip to the aquarium. Kids running and screaming everywhere kind of ruined the whole idea of going there. The aquarium itself is kind of nice when you get a chance to stop and look at everything, now its not the best but its not the worst i have seen. You can actually learn something if you get a chance to read the captions but the displays. So, all in all it was fun the first time i went but the second time i had a headache.. Scope out beforehand to make sure that you can actually see the marine life.
disappointing!
coming from singapore, I found this place a little lame. the fishes are in tacky phone booths, mail boxes, traffic lights etc. explanations are in Korean and the kids got v little out of it. if you have been to the SEAaquarium at Resort World Singapore, give this a miss. SEA is way better! 
Coex Aquarium at largest Coex Mall!!
Prior to our visit to Lotte world, we head down to Coex Aquarium to see underwater sea aquarium! It was a pleasant visit and lots of interesting fishes and alike, including sharks, octopus, cute, colourful and funny shape fishes! There are lots of weird storage places where they place fishes in like refrigerator, washing machine, basin, sink, etc! Kids love it and definitely worth visit at such pricing... Around 15,000 won plus minus per person :-)
Entertaining for sure ...
Coming from a region - Southeast Asia - which has awesome aquaria in the cities (Singapore, Bangkok, Kuala Lumpur), this one is really not that great in comparison. Still, good for a visit, and entertaining enough.
Under the sea .... chasing shark ....
I visited this place on last Sunday and trust me it is amazing. You can see fishes everywhere like inside fridge, washing machine and even inside commode. There are a lot of variety of fishes available.To go there you can take subway. You should get down at Samseong Station (Subway Line No. 2). Exits no. 5 and no. 6 of Samseong Station are directly connected to the COEX Mall.About Aquarium : If you are visiting this palace, you should take out atleast 2-3 hours of your busy schedule.Entry fee for Aquarium is 19500 KRW. It is situated on large area. Following things you must do:- Please check feeding program timing, You will enjoy.- Fantastic part of visit is underwater tunnel safari. Below the shark.- You can also see many varieties of jelly fishes. Take a photograph of jelly fishes- Penguins activities.To Eat :- There is some food is available outside Aquarium. You can try that on your own risk. It is good.
More then just Fish!
COEX isn’t just all fish.. no they have a small “jungle” themed section with monkeys, tropical plants and elsewhere there are some prairie dogs chucked in for good measure. There are Beavers, penguins, dugong and chipmunks? (squirrels maybe), OH! And you will find fish in the fridge, washing machine, toilet bowl, kitchen skin, telephone booth and chilling with spider man! This section of unique places to hold a fish is referred to as the “Wonderland” and yes, COEX has thought of it all! I did a blog post on this attraction, its worth the visit but be mindful of long lines on busy days! http://rememberthefirst.wordpress.com/2012/12/15/coex-aquarium-seoul-south-korea/
fish, lots of fish
Spent an afternoon at the Coex aquarium. Entry price is about US$18 for adult. While it's not the biggest aquarium in the world, it definitely has lots to see and offer. The best exhibit were the underwater tunnel and jelly fish display. The aquarium is located inside the Coex mall, so if you get tired from shopping, this would be a good place to relax.
Aquarium
If u r looking for a place to shoot some photos in aquarium, this place is definately the one. I took lots of photos wit friends there :)
It was okay
It took us 1 hour to look around. It also had animals as well as sea creatures. It wasn't the greatest but a nice place 
Pass if you don't have kids
It was part of a tour and I didn't need it really. The aquarium is small compared to other world famous aquariums. Great set up for kids and schools. Great venue if you are vacationing with small kids. 
Best Aquarium in the world
Can honestly say this tops New York London Tokyo and Paris. Excellent and well thought out! The animals are in great condition and have tons of room!
it was amazing
it worth that money and you can spend a good time there. there are different type of creatures, with different type of aquarium.
Cool Aquarium
Managed to do a 3 hour visit. Been to other aquariums such as Underwater world and Resort World's SEA aquarium. Personally, I feel that it is well managed as it is well divided into different eco systems for fishes (ie, Amazon, Ocean etc). Place is clean and exhibits are plenty. Downside of this is that the walk from the subway station is kinda far and confusing, though the species of fish are available in English, it can further improved by providing the description of species in English as well. Overall, still a nice place to visit!
Not Bad....Not Great.
It is an ok aquarium. I am from the States & have been to so many that in comparison to others Ive been to its just ok. I also think that they are a little high on the entrance fee but that could be because there are so many other great things to do in Korea that cost next to nothing if not free to do so it just seems high. Either way I think its high considering what you get & I would not pay it again. It was also very crowded the day we went & at a couple points it was so packed that you literally had to wait for the crowed to move so you could. But my kids enjoyed it & thats what mattered. Let me say though that there are far far better things to do in Korea inside & outside that are awesome & way cheeper, do those if your having to choose between this or something else. Korea is such an amazing place that offers so much beauty all around & this is nothing special in my opinion because it doesn't give you a taste of the awesomeness that is Korea.
Aqua funess!!
I really enjoyed the aquarium. There were so many fish! Each was divided into simulated habitats and sections such as the amazon, upper - middle - lower freshwater river, and ocean (for example). There were even other creatures like flying squirrels and touch pools for children and adults to examine. The best was the underwater walkway where we could watch the sharks swimming around above our heads! It was a fun trip!
Need lifts desperately
Given how many mums like to visit this place, it's way too stingy on its lift facilities.. We had to carry our phil and teds with two kids sleeping in it up at least 30 steps so in our second trip we demanded that the girls who work there help us and they let us use the wheel chair only lift.. Otherwise a great way to spend 2-3 hours looking at fishes, sharks and sting rays.. 
Entertaining place for all ages
Visited during peak season and although busy did not feel crowded and all features were easy to see! It's set out in geographical areas and whilst not massive the displays were plentiful varied and interesting! My son loved the penguins and sharks and I watched the turtles and manatees for ages! Seals Beavers and otters were delightful! A fun family day out and the imaginative displays were great!
So-So only
Visited Coex mall about 2 years back and was excited to return again. However, Coex was under some major reconstruction so most shops were sealed. The aquarium was okay. Explanations were mostly in Korean, even the penguin show commentary was in Korean with no English explanations. You'd see more river fishes, squirrels and small fishes and sharks. I have seen better aquariums elsewhere therefore, don't expect too much about the aquarium.
Great for kids
This was fun for my 6 year old son. There was a surprising variety of sea creatures. This is a must if you have kids and visiting Seoul. Well worth the entrance fee. The mall is also cool too. There is a Buddhist temple close by and tombs that are interesting to see.
It's okay
We went during Summer and korea is really HOT and humid during summer. Also they don't on air conditions indoors or even if they do, it's at its minimal so it is really stuffy indoors. we were sweating like pigs. Anyway, Coex was under some major reconstruction or something when we were there so most shops were sealed. The aquarium was okay. You'd see more river fishes, squirrels and small fishes and sharks. I'd say go during the cooler seasons and don't expect too much about the aquarium. 
Great Aquarium
We had no idea the COEX Aquarium would be so vast since it doesn't seem that large.It also had a lot of sea life we hadn't seen anywhere else.We thought the ~ 20,000 won admission price to be reasonable.
Nice Aquarium
My husband and I visited the aquarium on a Saturday afternoon and were surprised to find that the aquarium was by no means crowded. The price of admission was a bit high (19,500 won per adult) but they had a good variety of things to see displayed in a nice way. Even as two adults we easily spent over an hour and a half walking through it. They had a couple places where you could touch different sea creatures that looked fun for the kids. I'm not sure I'd pay the full price to go back again but it's a nice outing if you're looking for something fun to do inside for a couple hours.
Saturday at the aquarium
If you are reading this review trying to decide to go to the COEX Aquarium or not, GO. We drove from Yongsan to the COEX Mall (Aquarium) on a Saturday. Although parking at COEX was crowded, the odd thing was when we left the parking garage was almost empty. For a family of four, two adults, an 8 year and a 3 year old, we paid 54,000 won (not even a fraction of what you would paid at the Atlanta/Georgia Aquarium). We had a blast. This aquarium comes has everything you are looking for in an aquarium, including vending machines, a snack bar, and a gift shop at the end. Here's a tip - vending machines only take 1,000 won (not 5,000 or higher). We really enjoyed taking our time and enjoying all the exhibits. I read previous reviews and thought it would be a small aquarium, but we spent 2 1/2-3 hours inside. Highlights - underwater walk thru tunnel, the penguins feeding, and the open fish ponds. We will definitely visit this aquarium again!
Creative Presentation of Aquariums
The aquarium itself is not that big. At first we didn't actually expect much from it except that we had to do it because we had some kids with us. They have different themes like rainforest, etc. which is usual with most aquariums but they have a section where they use creative ideas to present the aquariums unlike the usual glass ones which we really find entertaining and funny. They also have a section just for toddlers and features like fish spa. We spent about 30 minutes inside and overall the kids enjoyed it.
Totally loved this Aquarium!!
I am a regular aquarium attendee all over the world, so went long to the COEX Aquarium when I was feeling a bit down about how odd Seoul is for a westerner (my problem, not Seoul's). It cheered me up immensely. I totally loved all the quirky touches. The displays were clever and gorgeous. It was quite busy, but it didn't seem so, with lots of contemplative spaces. Most of the labels had English translations, but a few were missed. Please fix. Wonderful aquarium - well done!
Different way to show Aquarium
It is one of interesting way to create aquarium I have ever seen. Price could be but lower but overall is OK. As practically everyplace in Seoul here as well there are lot of things to do for children. For me as for adult was interesting to found how interesting could be different view if Aquarium - like in the lamp, fridge etc. Enjoyed wildlife (animals) as well. There are interesting shows as well. 
Relaxing!
there was no crowds when we visit... at most like 20 visitor to the whole placeSo we had moment of peace seating down at one of the section watching the fishes swim in a relaxing mode.Could drop by if around the area or anyone who love the underwater world.
Good Aquarium, But Can Get VERY Crowded
The COEX Aquarium is in direct competition with the 63 Building Aquarium. However, it's newer and bigger (I think), so most people flock to the COEX. The entrance starts with some freshwater fish and reptiles and then the piece-de-resistance is the large aquarium with sharks and sea tortoises during feeding time when you get to see a diver go in and feed the fish! The downside is that during peak times it can get crowded to the point that you can barely move let alone see the fish. The area gets very congested and stuffy, so I would advise going during off-peak hours. Off-peak hours I have found are right after the open and about two hours before closing.Also, make sure to get your parking discounted!
Very good aquarium.
There are many many varieties of fishes and other sea animals. Also has sharks, sting rays, giant turtles. Best part is the Aqua Tunnel at the end. It also has some good places to get pictures taken. Overall a very nice place to visit.
good if u have an interest in biodiversity..
good if u have an interest in biodiversity...sharks are the real attraction..situated in Coex mall.. Will take 2 hours minimum, 19500 fees
Unusual animals and creative ideas
It's the only place where I saw manatees. They are huge and funny. You can watch them majestically swimming by or mouth-watering crunching on the cabbage. You will see different sharks, big octopus, fur seals and plenty of others animals and fishes. Some fish tanks will make you laugh, some others let you see the very details through a magnifying glass. The place is not big but well maintained and definitely worth a visit.
Not bad
I came here while visiting the Coex mall with my sister, brother in law and wife. We came on a weekend, using the subway. If you travel to the aquarium using the subway you will have to walk a very long way. Perhaps the aquarium is on the other side of the mall. I felt like we walked the entire length of the mall. It was very crowded at the entrance to the aquarium (perhaps this was also due to the weekend) and at first I was neither impressed or enjoying myself. After traveling up an escalator there is a room filled with some pillars that have some fish swimming around in them. The pillars are not that large and the fish were rather small. I initially thought to myself that this place was pretty lame.However as we walked on further into the aquarium the displays became larger and more elaborate. Fish were given their own enclosures and they were more exotic. Farther along in the aquarium there was actually large sea animals such as stingrays and sea cows. I think there was also a random enclosure that held some monkeys. I am not sure why there were monkeys in the aquarium. So, the first part of the aquarium was kind of a dud, but it certainly got better as you travel further into the aquarium. I would recommend coming here on a day when it is not so busy, you will have more time to look at the fish and not be pushed along by hordes of people. Nice place to go if you like fish and sea animals.
so-so
If you are coming with the kids,they sure will like it.The location is at the basement of the shopping centre and the air seem isn't so refreshing.The space is small,morever when a lot of kids come together and running here and there,you find it is hardly to enjoy.However,the species of the fish is much better then i am expected,so it is still worth to come here if you are with kids in your group.
Disappointed at first and then pleasantly surprised.
When I saw the first set of fish tanks for the early sections of the aquarium, I was pretty disappointed. Being from the Midwest in the United States, you saw pretty much the same fish in the tanks that you'd see in any lake. They even had chipmunks at this aquarium. It was an odd combination of animals to put together. If I remember correctly too, there was a squirrel as well.The place was still decorated with festive Christmas themed fish tanks, which were fun too see, but the thing I liked best were the very cleverly used phone booths, soda pop machines, traffic lights, Korean mail boxes, etc. that were used as fish tanks.They also had an some manatees that were very active as well as many other sea creatures that were very enjoyable to see. The aquarium used its space pretty well, although like all places in Korea, it was VERY crowded and got really hot inside. I am not fond of the constant crowds that are frequently found in Seoul, especially when it's crowds of parents with their young children pushing strollers. I tend to refrain from it as much as possible when going anywhere in Seoul. So if you do happen to be there, I would recommend going when they open. So you can enjoy yourself better.
Good afternoon at the aquarium, but at a price.
I wouldn't say I'm much of an aquarium junky or anything, but this is the third time I've been to the COEX aquarium, but its the first time I've been with children. Friends of my wife and their kids came with us to the aquarium on a Saturday afternoon. First, the aquarium was packed! Now, granted it was a Saturday afternoon in the middle of winter when there is not much going on, nor can you go outside to a park or anything, so I wasn't very surprised. That said, if you aren't a fan of crowds, I would avoid heading down on a weekend. I have been to the aquarium on a weekday, and its much more relax, with more time to stroll around and enjoy the sea life, as opposed to the weekends where it seems you are caught up in a wave of people that dictates your viewing experience.The kids seemed entertained enough (Ages 9, two girls), but after about an hour of walking around the aquarium, they had enough and we left for ice cream. They had fun at petting section and when they could interact with the fish. Also, they loved the water show in the big tank. Overall its a pretty good way to kill an hour at COEX while shopping at the mall. I will definitely go back again.
Fun but Crowded
I love aquariums and this one does not disappoint; however, it's not a great aquarium either. Watch out for weekends and holidays as this place can get crammed with kids whose idea of aquarium viewing is running around and banging on the glass.
Great aquarium in town
I had a great time in this lovely aquarium. There were many fish varieties and the tanks were all lovely and clean and the animals looked happy.
Hokey and amateurish
I was terribly disappointed by this aquarium. For fifteen bucks a person, it had one good tank towards the end of the route, but mostly everything else was a childish display of average-looking fish in what were meant to be unusual situations. Goldfish in a toilet bowl. Goldfish in a phone booth with mannequins. Goldfish in a diorama of a bedroom. Things that are meant to make the average visitor squeal and go "How cute!" but with no substance or overall design scheme behind it.Go with your kids if they are easily amused, and if you don't care about the educational value of an aquarium. Not recommended for anyone over the age of five. Seoul Grand Park (the zoo) had a much better main tank, and it isn't even an aquarium!
An Aquarium inside a Mall
If your legs are tired of exploring the huge mall, you can take a break and explore this unique aquarium. It starts off like a pop art museum, having those little fishes place inside a fridge,cupboard or even a vending machine as an aquarium.but as you move on,the aqua animals begin to get interesting. There are sharks,octopus,seals and even electric eels.very educative and visually exciting especially for kids.
Over rated!
If you've been to other aquarium in Japan, this one is terribly small and not so impressive. Not worth the money! Entertaining for young children though!
Must see place in Korea
OHHH!! Amazing aquarium. I have not seen such a big one before. It has lots of see animals to see. It is for everybody. Do not miss this. Most of the attractions in Korea have discount for foreigners and Samsung employees. check it before taking ticket.
Good display and varities
The place provides you opportunity to appreciate what's available in our oceans. The exhibits were well arranged with different themes. There is also a place that you can touch the starfish. Conveniently located in a convention centre and a mall.
ok
It is good, but did not understand what the hype was all about. Children will definitely enjoy it. But adults?? I dont think so. It is crowded and most of the fish are seen in other aquariums, so I did not find it very special.Even the staff there are ill-informed. The female near the entrance confirmed that camera were not allowed. But on going in, I see people with all types of cameras. Somewhere on a fish tank, a small label says flash photography is not to be taken.I would recommend to go here if you are absolutely free for that day.
COEX Aquarium
if you have been to the sydney aquarium or ocean park in hong kong, you will very likely be disappointed. the aquarium is really small and there is not very much that attract you. however, if this is the 1st aquarium that you are visiting in your life, you should give it a try.
Over rated
When you've visited other aquariums, such as Okinawa or Atlanta, this place does not measure up. It's small, has a fishy smell is a closed space, crowded, and is over priced. One good thing, there are a few different tanks (such as s soda machine) that are unique to the COEX aquarium. If it's a rainy day, with nothing to do, sure stop by and take a look. However I would not go out of my way to visit the COEX aquarium, save your time for something like Nanta or a place. 
Small but interesting
In is located inside of COEX Mall. Aquarium is not big but very interesting for children as well as for adult. It is better to come there in the morning - afternoon many people go there.
not worth the money, go only if you have small children
I went there with my family (my mom and my sister), so the three of us were in the queue with many other adults who were bringing their children there. It might be a school holiday or something since we were there on a weekday but there were many many people around. But in any case, we were full of expectations knowing that this is the largest aquarium in Seoul. But once we were inside we were very disappointed. The place is small and cramped and full of people, mostly children, running here and there. The fishes were housed in tanks with magnifying effects so it got rather dizzy after a while. Maybe because there were too many people, but we were exhausted after jostling around with people for a while. Most of the exhibits were not very large, and the variety of fishes they had were not very fascinating. There was this portion where they housed fishes in "exotic" tanks like washing machines, fridges, sinks and toilet bowls (and this section was a big hit with children). It was a very sad sight for the 3 of us seeing the single lone fish swimming in the limited water the toilet bowl had to offer. There was a iguana exhibit too, but it was really too small for the beautiful creature. We soon came to this exhibit that featured turtles and there was a poor overturned turtle struggling with all its might to turn itself over. The sight of the poor turtle thrashing and writhing with all its might broke our hearts but there was no staff nearby, In fact, there is NO STAFF at all in that big place apart from the staff at the food stalls. We had to walk around the place before we found 2 staff (who look like they only provide directions) and we tried to tell them to help to turn the turtle over. This was very different from the other aquariums I've been to before where there would always be a staff beside each exhibit. The poor starfishes in the 'hands-on' area are also brutalised by the small children who pick them up and throw them back into the water (there's no staff again) The biggest tanks in this aquarium are not very big and pale in comparison to the ones I've seen. There was a penguin zone, but it was very small and somehow the penguins inside didn't look very happy. All but too soon, the visit ended. Yes, the place is really small.All in all, I would say to visit this place only if you have small children as they would enjoy the hands on pool and the section where they place fishes in fridges etc. But for adults trying to learn more about the ocean and fishes, and who are looking for a educational and eye-opening experience, this place is not the place to go to. I personally felt that that the Osaka Aquarium Kaiyukan or Ocean Park Hong Kong were much better.
Good place to Kill some time
I had some free time and decided to go check out the Aquarium. I read that it was crowded on the weekend but I took my chances anyways. I went on Saturday about 1 pm and the reviews were right it was quite crowded but so is every attraction you would go to on a weekend. The Aquarium is located in a mall so not the average size Aquarium like they have in the States. Because there were so many people you walked through the aquarium in a line. If you are patient you will get your chance to get close and can take all the time you want to look. My favorite part was seeing how excited the little kids got in seeing the fish. There's a place where they have the Dr. fish and you can place your hands in and feel them nibble at the dead skin. You can also watch them feed the sharks, sea lions, penguins, etc. I enjoyed the touch tank where you can pick up the starfish. Even though it was crowded I enjoyed my time at the aquarium and thought the price was worth it. I had a smile on my face the entire time. If you have children I would definitely bring them here.
Ok... small and crowed
We were a little disappointed in the fact that you had to pay quite a bit of money and it was so small and so crowed with people. It cost 17,500 for adults and 11,000 won for a child. We went on a weekend, which explains the crowd, but had a hard time enjoying it because you had to push your way through to see the tanks.
Good for family with kids
is a rather small aquarium which located in side a Mall. they offer touch pool which allow visitors to feel the sea creatures. it is fun and educational for the kids. 
Aquarium in Coex
This was recommended to us. It does not look like much from the mall entrance, but that certainly changed once we went through it. There was so many areas that contained so many fish and other animals. It was fantastic. They even had a `hand-on`area to feel starfish and other animals. Well worth the money. 
Go only if u covered all other tourists attractions
At first, We can't wait to go when we saw on the website that there will be shark feeding. Language can be a problem as signage in English are not everywhere. Staff giving presentation also spoke in Korean. Huge disappointment when we waited exciting for the shark feeding to start but there was no sight of diver n we saw a few pieces of the cabbage floating on water and the turtles were having a feast with them. Sight of sharks feeding - zero. Left my 4 year old in tears because he kept asking why the sharks are not feeding. I am waiting for my refund!!
Must see
I took all my friends who vist Korea first time and I already been in Singapore ... Coex aquarium is bigger and neat then compare woth others
Great place
Great place to take the family. Better to go during the week if you can, less busy. 
Less than average aquarium. Good times regardless
I'm not personally a huge fan of aquariums but the concept of one in a mall and the variety of animals that were present gave the outing at the mall a little extra sprinkle of fun. When with a friend, she mentioned it wasn't anything compared to an aquarium in Washington. So it appears that as far as aquariums go, this isn't one to be placed on an international ranking scale. Just a little extra at a very large and impressive mall in Seoul. 
Interesting display
I went there first when I was showing Seoul around to my boss's family from Singapore. Not only the 6 year old girl but everyone enjoyed the visit. Their display is not just on glass windowed fish tanks; they use refrigerator, cars and even washing machine! The Mrs. who have been to aquariums around the world with her kids said it was the best she's ever seen, and came back the next year with the younger kid. The aquarium is really big, so I suggest you take a break in the middle (where they have icecream stand). Otherwise, you will be too tired to enjoy the shows at the end. This place is also great for couples as you can talk a lot along the way and it is much fun to take photos.
Another Mall Aquarium
This aquarium does get very hectic, which might account for the lack of tidyness on the day we visited. Not all the animals or fish on display were displayed to their best. A bit crammed in and a disapointment after being told it was one of the best in Asia.
A standard aquarium...
I've been to a number of aquariums, this one is nice but nothing special, and a little pricey (no more expensive than others, but unlike most of Korea, this isn't any cheaper than other aquariums across the globe)
Worth the visit
It is located inside the mall, and easy to do in an hour or two.
Pricey Day, but good
One of the things that I find interesting about the country of Korea is how expensive and inexpensive things are in this country. The Aquarium is a great example. 17,000 won for an adult ticket for an Aquarium in a mall was crazy, I thought at first. But it is a very big and very nice aquarium. Signs in English and Korean were very informative. The whole place felt very small, yet we were in the place for 3 hours. The tanks were really interesting because of the optical illusion of seeing underwater and above water at the same time. It was really cool at the otter tank. The creatures would play and fight, and from out vantage point it looked like 4 otters when it was only 2.So, great visuals, great exhibits ( the fruit bat cage was hilarious.), and only a few " Nemo" like murals. So it was worth the price of admission. The parking price at the mall seemed a bit much, but like all things in Korea; sometimes you pay too much for very little, and sometimes you pay a little for a lot.
One of great i door aquarium
Nice indoor aquarium. Quite complete species. Easy access
located in the coex mall
Was a pretty good sized aquarium. Bring your walking shoes. Lots of fishes. 
Aquarium and so much more
We actually just stumbled across the aquarium while visiting the mall. I must say, it was really good. We enjoyed it much more than any other aquarium that we have visited. There was also several school classes there on a field trip, they kids made it even more enjoyable because they were so eager to talk to us and be social. We spent a couple hours at the aquarium and also caught an IMAX show while we were there as well. It is a very fun day and we would recommend it to any visitor to Seoul.
Average
Expensive for what it is, very difficult to find in the COEX centre. However it is still a treat for children under 10.
Excellent place to visit
To see Coex aquarium takes 2 hours. Is a wonderful place to visit while in Seoul. Part of a large mall, the aquarium covers freshwater as well as marine life. Sharks, Penguins, seals, arowanas, a turtle with 2 heads.... costs 15500 wons. must see while in Seoul
A great place to see fish
Located in the COEX mall, the aquarium is a good reason to go at all. Well planned out, you will find a wide variety of marine life. There are some examples of some really unique fish tanks, a tank in which the Surgeon fish can get up close and personal with your hand, and even some reptiles for you to enjoy. Go during the week if possible, the mall and aquarium is much less crowded and more enjoyable. If you take your time and stop to enjoy the very wide variety of fish, amphibians, reptiles and many other animals, it should take about a half hour from start to finish.
Water wonderland
This is a must see for visitors to Seoul. Wonderfully laid out, allow time to see all the exhibits. They are diverse, and children are especially catered for with interactive games. One of the best laid out aquariums we have visited. Many species to excite interest with waterfalls and ponds an attractive addition.
Well designed aquarium
Prefer this aquarium to lotte world aquarium, since it felt as though it was larger and had a larger variety of marine lives. A lot of thinking seemed to have been placed into the designing of the aquarium's layout and furnishing to elude an air of cozy ambiance throughout the visit, even though I felt that some tanks might be too children-friendly for adults - had to squat down at most of the first section. The staff at the ticket counter could have been friendlier as well, as she looked irritated when she found out that I couldn't understand Korean and that she had to repeat herself in another language.
Quirky Aquarium!!
We visited as part of an organised tour, this is a good little aquarium with fish in a variety of quirky settings. Its well worth a visit and not too expensive.
A kids friendly aquarium
The aquarium is located within Coex mall and is designed to be kids friendly. It was interest to see innovative way of displaying the fishes in the aquarium, like retrofitting an old telephone broth into a fish tank.
Excellent 
Spent 2,5 amazing hours with 4 children aged 2 to 9 in this aquarium!  Highly recommend to anyone with and without children 
Great fun for small children 
This place is much better than the one at the Coex Centre in Seoul. My 7-year-old had a great time there, especially feeding the fish. Really liked the variety of fish and animals. You can buy discounted tickets through Gmarket. You can do the aquarium in the morning and Kidsania in the afternoon if you have enough energy. Kids will have a perfect day. 
Compact and nice - worth a visit even at this price
I visited this Coex aquarium on the last day at Seoul after attending a conference. After checking out at the hotel, I could take the hand luggage into the aquarium and walk around (that was the reason - to pass time while hanging on to my hand luggage). Within the coex mall the aquarium is nicely planned with lot of species - sharks, penguins, live corals. Full price is high, but you get instant 15% discount with the coupon you find there. I guess the locals get better discounts when they bring their kids.It takes about two hours to see the aquarium leisurely. There are places inside to sit and watch the marine life for longer. It cannot be any better.
Pretty damn impressed 
Arrived at coex mall for some shopping and decided to hit the Aquarium first with our 4 year old; she loves sea creatures!We've been to a fair few aquariums around the world and this one has a really cute and quirky display. We really enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and so did our daughter. The doctor fish part was probably our favourite. Lots of fresh water sea life from all part of Asia, really interesting to see. Would definitely visit again 
One of my favorite aquariums
My expectations were low for an aquarium in a shopping mall, but the Coex Aquarium houses an incredible variety of animals. 
Nice place to spend sometime for fun
Its a very big aquarium with so many separate sections for fishes and animals. Saw different and unique varieties of fishes and sea creatures. It took 2 hrs approximately for us to finish the tour of aquarium. Overall a good place.
Water wonderland
This is a must see for visitors to Seoul. Wonderfully laid out, allow time to see all the exhibits. They are diverse, and children are especially catered for with interactive games. One of the best laid out aquariums we have visited. Many species to excite interest with waterfalls and ponds an attractive addition.
Well designed aquarium
Prefer this aquarium to lotte world aquarium, since it felt as though it was larger and had a larger variety of marine lives. A lot of thinking seemed to have been placed into the designing of the aquarium's layout and furnishing to elude an air of cozy ambiance throughout the visit, even though I felt that some tanks might be too children-friendly for adults - had to squat down at most of the first section. The staff at the ticket counter could have been friendlier as well, as she looked irritated when she found out that I couldn't understand Korean and that she had to repeat herself in another language.
Quirky Aquarium!!
We visited as part of an organised tour, this is a good little aquarium with fish in a variety of quirky settings. Its well worth a visit and not too expensive.
A kids friendly aquarium
The aquarium is located within Coex mall and is designed to be kids friendly. It was interest to see innovative way of displaying the fishes in the aquarium, like retrofitting an old telephone broth into a fish tank.
Excellent 
Spent 2,5 amazing hours with 4 children aged 2 to 9 in this aquarium!  Highly recommend to anyone with and without children 
Great fun for small children 
This place is much better than the one at the Coex Centre in Seoul. My 7-year-old had a great time there, especially feeding the fish. Really liked the variety of fish and animals. You can buy discounted tickets through Gmarket. You can do the aquarium in the morning and Kidsania in the afternoon if you have enough energy. Kids will have a perfect day. 
Compact and nice - worth a visit even at this price
I visited this Coex aquarium on the last day at Seoul after attending a conference. After checking out at the hotel, I could take the hand luggage into the aquarium and walk around (that was the reason - to pass time while hanging on to my hand luggage). Within the coex mall the aquarium is nicely planned with lot of species - sharks, penguins, live corals. Full price is high, but you get instant 15% discount with the coupon you find there. I guess the locals get better discounts when they bring their kids.It takes about two hours to see the aquarium leisurely. There are places inside to sit and watch the marine life for longer. It cannot be any better.
Pretty damn impressed 
Arrived at coex mall for some shopping and decided to hit the Aquarium first with our 4 year old; she loves sea creatures!We've been to a fair few aquariums around the world and this one has a really cute and quirky display. We really enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and so did our daughter. The doctor fish part was probably our favourite. Lots of fresh water sea life from all part of Asia, really interesting to see. Would definitely visit again 
One of my favorite aquariums
My expectations were low for an aquarium in a shopping mall, but the Coex Aquarium houses an incredible variety of animals. 
Nice place to spend sometime for fun
Its a very big aquarium with so many separate sections for fishes and animals. Saw different and unique varieties of fishes and sea creatures. It took 2 hrs approximately for us to finish the tour of aquarium. Overall a good place.
Water wonderland
This is a must see for visitors to Seoul. Wonderfully laid out, allow time to see all the exhibits. They are diverse, and children are especially catered for with interactive games. One of the best laid out aquariums we have visited. Many species to excite interest with waterfalls and ponds an attractive addition.
Well designed aquarium
Prefer this aquarium to lotte world aquarium, since it felt as though it was larger and had a larger variety of marine lives. A lot of thinking seemed to have been placed into the designing of the aquarium's layout and furnishing to elude an air of cozy ambiance throughout the visit, even though I felt that some tanks might be too children-friendly for adults - had to squat down at most of the first section. The staff at the ticket counter could have been friendlier as well, as she looked irritated when she found out that I couldn't understand Korean and that she had to repeat herself in another language.
Quirky Aquarium!!
We visited as part of an organised tour, this is a good little aquarium with fish in a variety of quirky settings. Its well worth a visit and not too expensive.
A kids friendly aquarium
The aquarium is located within Coex mall and is designed to be kids friendly. It was interest to see innovative way of displaying the fishes in the aquarium, like retrofitting an old telephone broth into a fish tank.
Excellent 
Spent 2,5 amazing hours with 4 children aged 2 to 9 in this aquarium!  Highly recommend to anyone with and without children 
Great fun for small children 
This place is much better than the one at the Coex Centre in Seoul. My 7-year-old had a great time there, especially feeding the fish. Really liked the variety of fish and animals. You can buy discounted tickets through Gmarket. You can do the aquarium in the morning and Kidsania in the afternoon if you have enough energy. Kids will have a perfect day. 
Compact and nice - worth a visit even at this price
I visited this Coex aquarium on the last day at Seoul after attending a conference. After checking out at the hotel, I could take the hand luggage into the aquarium and walk around (that was the reason - to pass time while hanging on to my hand luggage). Within the coex mall the aquarium is nicely planned with lot of species - sharks, penguins, live corals. Full price is high, but you get instant 15% discount with the coupon you find there. I guess the locals get better discounts when they bring their kids.It takes about two hours to see the aquarium leisurely. There are places inside to sit and watch the marine life for longer. It cannot be any better.
Pretty damn impressed 
Arrived at coex mall for some shopping and decided to hit the Aquarium first with our 4 year old; she loves sea creatures!We've been to a fair few aquariums around the world and this one has a really cute and quirky display. We really enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and so did our daughter. The doctor fish part was probably our favourite. Lots of fresh water sea life from all part of Asia, really interesting to see. Would definitely visit again 
One of my favorite aquariums
My expectations were low for an aquarium in a shopping mall, but the Coex Aquarium houses an incredible variety of animals. 
Nice place to spend sometime for fun
Its a very big aquarium with so many separate sections for fishes and animals. Saw different and unique varieties of fishes and sea creatures. It took 2 hrs approximately for us to finish the tour of aquarium. Overall a good place.
Water wonderland
This is a must see for visitors to Seoul. Wonderfully laid out, allow time to see all the exhibits. They are diverse, and children are especially catered for with interactive games. One of the best laid out aquariums we have visited. Many species to excite interest with waterfalls and ponds an attractive addition.
Well designed aquarium
Prefer this aquarium to lotte world aquarium, since it felt as though it was larger and had a larger variety of marine lives. A lot of thinking seemed to have been placed into the designing of the aquarium's layout and furnishing to elude an air of cozy ambiance throughout the visit, even though I felt that some tanks might be too children-friendly for adults - had to squat down at most of the first section. The staff at the ticket counter could have been friendlier as well, as she looked irritated when she found out that I couldn't understand Korean and that she had to repeat herself in another language.
Quirky Aquarium!!
We visited as part of an organised tour, this is a good little aquarium with fish in a variety of quirky settings. Its well worth a visit and not too expensive.
A kids friendly aquarium
The aquarium is located within Coex mall and is designed to be kids friendly. It was interest to see innovative way of displaying the fishes in the aquarium, like retrofitting an old telephone broth into a fish tank.
Excellent 
Spent 2,5 amazing hours with 4 children aged 2 to 9 in this aquarium!  Highly recommend to anyone with and without children 
Great fun for small children 
This place is much better than the one at the Coex Centre in Seoul. My 7-year-old had a great time there, especially feeding the fish. Really liked the variety of fish and animals. You can buy discounted tickets through Gmarket. You can do the aquarium in the morning and Kidsania in the afternoon if you have enough energy. Kids will have a perfect day. 
Compact and nice - worth a visit even at this price
I visited this Coex aquarium on the last day at Seoul after attending a conference. After checking out at the hotel, I could take the hand luggage into the aquarium and walk around (that was the reason - to pass time while hanging on to my hand luggage). Within the coex mall the aquarium is nicely planned with lot of species - sharks, penguins, live corals. Full price is high, but you get instant 15% discount with the coupon you find there. I guess the locals get better discounts when they bring their kids.It takes about two hours to see the aquarium leisurely. There are places inside to sit and watch the marine life for longer. It cannot be any better.
Pretty damn impressed 
Arrived at coex mall for some shopping and decided to hit the Aquarium first with our 4 year old; she loves sea creatures!We've been to a fair few aquariums around the world and this one has a really cute and quirky display. We really enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and so did our daughter. The doctor fish part was probably our favourite. Lots of fresh water sea life from all part of Asia, really interesting to see. Would definitely visit again 
One of my favorite aquariums
My expectations were low for an aquarium in a shopping mall, but the Coex Aquarium houses an incredible variety of animals. 
Nice place to spend sometime for fun
Its a very big aquarium with so many separate sections for fishes and animals. Saw different and unique varieties of fishes and sea creatures. It took 2 hrs approximately for us to finish the tour of aquarium. Overall a good place.
Water wonderland
This is a must see for visitors to Seoul. Wonderfully laid out, allow time to see all the exhibits. They are diverse, and children are especially catered for with interactive games. One of the best laid out aquariums we have visited. Many species to excite interest with waterfalls and ponds an attractive addition.
Well designed aquarium
Prefer this aquarium to lotte world aquarium, since it felt as though it was larger and had a larger variety of marine lives. A lot of thinking seemed to have been placed into the designing of the aquarium's layout and furnishing to elude an air of cozy ambiance throughout the visit, even though I felt that some tanks might be too children-friendly for adults - had to squat down at most of the first section. The staff at the ticket counter could have been friendlier as well, as she looked irritated when she found out that I couldn't understand Korean and that she had to repeat herself in another language.
Quirky Aquarium!!
We visited as part of an organised tour, this is a good little aquarium with fish in a variety of quirky settings. Its well worth a visit and not too expensive.
A kids friendly aquarium
The aquarium is located within Coex mall and is designed to be kids friendly. It was interest to see innovative way of displaying the fishes in the aquarium, like retrofitting an old telephone broth into a fish tank.
Excellent 
Spent 2,5 amazing hours with 4 children aged 2 to 9 in this aquarium!  Highly recommend to anyone with and without children 
Great fun for small children 
This place is much better than the one at the Coex Centre in Seoul. My 7-year-old had a great time there, especially feeding the fish. Really liked the variety of fish and animals. You can buy discounted tickets through Gmarket. You can do the aquarium in the morning and Kidsania in the afternoon if you have enough energy. Kids will have a perfect day. 
Compact and nice - worth a visit even at this price
I visited this Coex aquarium on the last day at Seoul after attending a conference. After checking out at the hotel, I could take the hand luggage into the aquarium and walk around (that was the reason - to pass time while hanging on to my hand luggage). Within the coex mall the aquarium is nicely planned with lot of species - sharks, penguins, live corals. Full price is high, but you get instant 15% discount with the coupon you find there. I guess the locals get better discounts when they bring their kids.It takes about two hours to see the aquarium leisurely. There are places inside to sit and watch the marine life for longer. It cannot be any better.
Pretty damn impressed 
Arrived at coex mall for some shopping and decided to hit the Aquarium first with our 4 year old; she loves sea creatures!We've been to a fair few aquariums around the world and this one has a really cute and quirky display. We really enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and so did our daughter. The doctor fish part was probably our favourite. Lots of fresh water sea life from all part of Asia, really interesting to see. Would definitely visit again 
One of my favorite aquariums
My expectations were low for an aquarium in a shopping mall, but the Coex Aquarium houses an incredible variety of animals. 
Nice place to spend sometime for fun
Its a very big aquarium with so many separate sections for fishes and animals. Saw different and unique varieties of fishes and sea creatures. It took 2 hrs approximately for us to finish the tour of aquarium. Overall a good place.
Water wonderland
This is a must see for visitors to Seoul. Wonderfully laid out, allow time to see all the exhibits. They are diverse, and children are especially catered for with interactive games. One of the best laid out aquariums we have visited. Many species to excite interest with waterfalls and ponds an attractive addition.
Well designed aquarium
Prefer this aquarium to lotte world aquarium, since it felt as though it was larger and had a larger variety of marine lives. A lot of thinking seemed to have been placed into the designing of the aquarium's layout and furnishing to elude an air of cozy ambiance throughout the visit, even though I felt that some tanks might be too children-friendly for adults - had to squat down at most of the first section. The staff at the ticket counter could have been friendlier as well, as she looked irritated when she found out that I couldn't understand Korean and that she had to repeat herself in another language.
Quirky Aquarium!!
We visited as part of an organised tour, this is a good little aquarium with fish in a variety of quirky settings. Its well worth a visit and not too expensive.
A kids friendly aquarium
The aquarium is located within Coex mall and is designed to be kids friendly. It was interest to see innovative way of displaying the fishes in the aquarium, like retrofitting an old telephone broth into a fish tank.
Excellent 
Spent 2,5 amazing hours with 4 children aged 2 to 9 in this aquarium!  Highly recommend to anyone with and without children 
Great fun for small children 
This place is much better than the one at the Coex Centre in Seoul. My 7-year-old had a great time there, especially feeding the fish. Really liked the variety of fish and animals. You can buy discounted tickets through Gmarket. You can do the aquarium in the morning and Kidsania in the afternoon if you have enough energy. Kids will have a perfect day. 
Compact and nice - worth a visit even at this price
I visited this Coex aquarium on the last day at Seoul after attending a conference. After checking out at the hotel, I could take the hand luggage into the aquarium and walk around (that was the reason - to pass time while hanging on to my hand luggage). Within the coex mall the aquarium is nicely planned with lot of species - sharks, penguins, live corals. Full price is high, but you get instant 15% discount with the coupon you find there. I guess the locals get better discounts when they bring their kids.It takes about two hours to see the aquarium leisurely. There are places inside to sit and watch the marine life for longer. It cannot be any better.
Pretty damn impressed 
Arrived at coex mall for some shopping and decided to hit the Aquarium first with our 4 year old; she loves sea creatures!We've been to a fair few aquariums around the world and this one has a really cute and quirky display. We really enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and so did our daughter. The doctor fish part was probably our favourite. Lots of fresh water sea life from all part of Asia, really interesting to see. Would definitely visit again 
One of my favorite aquariums
My expectations were low for an aquarium in a shopping mall, but the Coex Aquarium houses an incredible variety of animals. 
Nice place to spend sometime for fun
Its a very big aquarium with so many separate sections for fishes and animals. Saw different and unique varieties of fishes and sea creatures. It took 2 hrs approximately for us to finish the tour of aquarium. Overall a good place.
Water wonderland
This is a must see for visitors to Seoul. Wonderfully laid out, allow time to see all the exhibits. They are diverse, and children are especially catered for with interactive games. One of the best laid out aquariums we have visited. Many species to excite interest with waterfalls and ponds an attractive addition.
Well designed aquarium
Prefer this aquarium to lotte world aquarium, since it felt as though it was larger and had a larger variety of marine lives. A lot of thinking seemed to have been placed into the designing of the aquarium's layout and furnishing to elude an air of cozy ambiance throughout the visit, even though I felt that some tanks might be too children-friendly for adults - had to squat down at most of the first section. The staff at the ticket counter could have been friendlier as well, as she looked irritated when she found out that I couldn't understand Korean and that she had to repeat herself in another language.
Quirky Aquarium!!
We visited as part of an organised tour, this is a good little aquarium with fish in a variety of quirky settings. Its well worth a visit and not too expensive.
A kids friendly aquarium
The aquarium is located within Coex mall and is designed to be kids friendly. It was interest to see innovative way of displaying the fishes in the aquarium, like retrofitting an old telephone broth into a fish tank.
Excellent 
Spent 2,5 amazing hours with 4 children aged 2 to 9 in this aquarium!  Highly recommend to anyone with and without children 
Great fun for small children 
This place is much better than the one at the Coex Centre in Seoul. My 7-year-old had a great time there, especially feeding the fish. Really liked the variety of fish and animals. You can buy discounted tickets through Gmarket. You can do the aquarium in the morning and Kidsania in the afternoon if you have enough energy. Kids will have a perfect day. 
Compact and nice - worth a visit even at this price
I visited this Coex aquarium on the last day at Seoul after attending a conference. After checking out at the hotel, I could take the hand luggage into the aquarium and walk around (that was the reason - to pass time while hanging on to my hand luggage). Within the coex mall the aquarium is nicely planned with lot of species - sharks, penguins, live corals. Full price is high, but you get instant 15% discount with the coupon you find there. I guess the locals get better discounts when they bring their kids.It takes about two hours to see the aquarium leisurely. There are places inside to sit and watch the marine life for longer. It cannot be any better.
Pretty damn impressed 
Arrived at coex mall for some shopping and decided to hit the Aquarium first with our 4 year old; she loves sea creatures!We've been to a fair few aquariums around the world and this one has a really cute and quirky display. We really enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and so did our daughter. The doctor fish part was probably our favourite. Lots of fresh water sea life from all part of Asia, really interesting to see. Would definitely visit again 
One of my favorite aquariums
My expectations were low for an aquarium in a shopping mall, but the Coex Aquarium houses an incredible variety of animals. 
Nice place to spend sometime for fun
Its a very big aquarium with so many separate sections for fishes and animals. Saw different and unique varieties of fishes and sea creatures. It took 2 hrs approximately for us to finish the tour of aquarium. Overall a good place.
Water wonderland
This is a must see for visitors to Seoul. Wonderfully laid out, allow time to see all the exhibits. They are diverse, and children are especially catered for with interactive games. One of the best laid out aquariums we have visited. Many species to excite interest with waterfalls and ponds an attractive addition.
Well designed aquarium
Prefer this aquarium to lotte world aquarium, since it felt as though it was larger and had a larger variety of marine lives. A lot of thinking seemed to have been placed into the designing of the aquarium's layout and furnishing to elude an air of cozy ambiance throughout the visit, even though I felt that some tanks might be too children-friendly for adults - had to squat down at most of the first section. The staff at the ticket counter could have been friendlier as well, as she looked irritated when she found out that I couldn't understand Korean and that she had to repeat herself in another language.
Quirky Aquarium!!
We visited as part of an organised tour, this is a good little aquarium with fish in a variety of quirky settings. Its well worth a visit and not too expensive.
A kids friendly aquarium
The aquarium is located within Coex mall and is designed to be kids friendly. It was interest to see innovative way of displaying the fishes in the aquarium, like retrofitting an old telephone broth into a fish tank.
Excellent 
Spent 2,5 amazing hours with 4 children aged 2 to 9 in this aquarium!  Highly recommend to anyone with and without children 
Great fun for small children 
This place is much better than the one at the Coex Centre in Seoul. My 7-year-old had a great time there, especially feeding the fish. Really liked the variety of fish and animals. You can buy discounted tickets through Gmarket. You can do the aquarium in the morning and Kidsania in the afternoon if you have enough energy. Kids will have a perfect day. 
Compact and nice - worth a visit even at this price
I visited this Coex aquarium on the last day at Seoul after attending a conference. After checking out at the hotel, I could take the hand luggage into the aquarium and walk around (that was the reason - to pass time while hanging on to my hand luggage). Within the coex mall the aquarium is nicely planned with lot of species - sharks, penguins, live corals. Full price is high, but you get instant 15% discount with the coupon you find there. I guess the locals get better discounts when they bring their kids.It takes about two hours to see the aquarium leisurely. There are places inside to sit and watch the marine life for longer. It cannot be any better.
Pretty damn impressed 
Arrived at coex mall for some shopping and decided to hit the Aquarium first with our 4 year old; she loves sea creatures!We've been to a fair few aquariums around the world and this one has a really cute and quirky display. We really enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and so did our daughter. The doctor fish part was probably our favourite. Lots of fresh water sea life from all part of Asia, really interesting to see. Would definitely visit again 
One of my favorite aquariums
My expectations were low for an aquarium in a shopping mall, but the Coex Aquarium houses an incredible variety of animals. 
Nice place to spend sometime for fun
Its a very big aquarium with so many separate sections for fishes and animals. Saw different and unique varieties of fishes and sea creatures. It took 2 hrs approximately for us to finish the tour of aquarium. Overall a good place.
Water wonderland
This is a must see for visitors to Seoul. Wonderfully laid out, allow time to see all the exhibits. They are diverse, and children are especially catered for with interactive games. One of the best laid out aquariums we have visited. Many species to excite interest with waterfalls and ponds an attractive addition.
Well designed aquarium
Prefer this aquarium to lotte world aquarium, since it felt as though it was larger and had a larger variety of marine lives. A lot of thinking seemed to have been placed into the designing of the aquarium's layout and furnishing to elude an air of cozy ambiance throughout the visit, even though I felt that some tanks might be too children-friendly for adults - had to squat down at most of the first section. The staff at the ticket counter could have been friendlier as well, as she looked irritated when she found out that I couldn't understand Korean and that she had to repeat herself in another language.
Quirky Aquarium!!
We visited as part of an organised tour, this is a good little aquarium with fish in a variety of quirky settings. Its well worth a visit and not too expensive.
A kids friendly aquarium
The aquarium is located within Coex mall and is designed to be kids friendly. It was interest to see innovative way of displaying the fishes in the aquarium, like retrofitting an old telephone broth into a fish tank.
Excellent 
Spent 2,5 amazing hours with 4 children aged 2 to 9 in this aquarium!  Highly recommend to anyone with and without children 
Great fun for small children 
This place is much better than the one at the Coex Centre in Seoul. My 7-year-old had a great time there, especially feeding the fish. Really liked the variety of fish and animals. You can buy discounted tickets through Gmarket. You can do the aquarium in the morning and Kidsania in the afternoon if you have enough energy. Kids will have a perfect day. 
Compact and nice - worth a visit even at this price
I visited this Coex aquarium on the last day at Seoul after attending a conference. After checking out at the hotel, I could take the hand luggage into the aquarium and walk around (that was the reason - to pass time while hanging on to my hand luggage). Within the coex mall the aquarium is nicely planned with lot of species - sharks, penguins, live corals. Full price is high, but you get instant 15% discount with the coupon you find there. I guess the locals get better discounts when they bring their kids.It takes about two hours to see the aquarium leisurely. There are places inside to sit and watch the marine life for longer. It cannot be any better.
Pretty damn impressed 
Arrived at coex mall for some shopping and decided to hit the Aquarium first with our 4 year old; she loves sea creatures!We've been to a fair few aquariums around the world and this one has a really cute and quirky display. We really enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and so did our daughter. The doctor fish part was probably our favourite. Lots of fresh water sea life from all part of Asia, really interesting to see. Would definitely visit again 
One of my favorite aquariums
My expectations were low for an aquarium in a shopping mall, but the Coex Aquarium houses an incredible variety of animals. 
Nice place to spend sometime for fun
Its a very big aquarium with so many separate sections for fishes and animals. Saw different and unique varieties of fishes and sea creatures. It took 2 hrs approximately for us to finish the tour of aquarium. Overall a good place.
Water wonderland
This is a must see for visitors to Seoul. Wonderfully laid out, allow time to see all the exhibits. They are diverse, and children are especially catered for with interactive games. One of the best laid out aquariums we have visited. Many species to excite interest with waterfalls and ponds an attractive addition.
Well designed aquarium
Prefer this aquarium to lotte world aquarium, since it felt as though it was larger and had a larger variety of marine lives. A lot of thinking seemed to have been placed into the designing of the aquarium's layout and furnishing to elude an air of cozy ambiance throughout the visit, even though I felt that some tanks might be too children-friendly for adults - had to squat down at most of the first section. The staff at the ticket counter could have been friendlier as well, as she looked irritated when she found out that I couldn't understand Korean and that she had to repeat herself in another language.
Quirky Aquarium!!
We visited as part of an organised tour, this is a good little aquarium with fish in a variety of quirky settings. Its well worth a visit and not too expensive.
A kids friendly aquarium
The aquarium is located within Coex mall and is designed to be kids friendly. It was interest to see innovative way of displaying the fishes in the aquarium, like retrofitting an old telephone broth into a fish tank.
Excellent 
Spent 2,5 amazing hours with 4 children aged 2 to 9 in this aquarium!  Highly recommend to anyone with and without children 
Great fun for small children 
This place is much better than the one at the Coex Centre in Seoul. My 7-year-old had a great time there, especially feeding the fish. Really liked the variety of fish and animals. You can buy discounted tickets through Gmarket. You can do the aquarium in the morning and Kidsania in the afternoon if you have enough energy. Kids will have a perfect day. 
Compact and nice - worth a visit even at this price
I visited this Coex aquarium on the last day at Seoul after attending a conference. After checking out at the hotel, I could take the hand luggage into the aquarium and walk around (that was the reason - to pass time while hanging on to my hand luggage). Within the coex mall the aquarium is nicely planned with lot of species - sharks, penguins, live corals. Full price is high, but you get instant 15% discount with the coupon you find there. I guess the locals get better discounts when they bring their kids.It takes about two hours to see the aquarium leisurely. There are places inside to sit and watch the marine life for longer. It cannot be any better.
Pretty damn impressed 
Arrived at coex mall for some shopping and decided to hit the Aquarium first with our 4 year old; she loves sea creatures!We've been to a fair few aquariums around the world and this one has a really cute and quirky display. We really enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and so did our daughter. The doctor fish part was probably our favourite. Lots of fresh water sea life from all part of Asia, really interesting to see. Would definitely visit again 
One of my favorite aquariums
My expectations were low for an aquarium in a shopping mall, but the Coex Aquarium houses an incredible variety of animals. 
Nice place to spend sometime for fun
Its a very big aquarium with so many separate sections for fishes and animals. Saw different and unique varieties of fishes and sea creatures. It took 2 hrs approximately for us to finish the tour of aquarium. Overall a good place.
Water wonderland
This is a must see for visitors to Seoul. Wonderfully laid out, allow time to see all the exhibits. They are diverse, and children are especially catered for with interactive games. One of the best laid out aquariums we have visited. Many species to excite interest with waterfalls and ponds an attractive addition.
Well designed aquarium
Prefer this aquarium to lotte world aquarium, since it felt as though it was larger and had a larger variety of marine lives. A lot of thinking seemed to have been placed into the designing of the aquarium's layout and furnishing to elude an air of cozy ambiance throughout the visit, even though I felt that some tanks might be too children-friendly for adults - had to squat down at most of the first section. The staff at the ticket counter could have been friendlier as well, as she looked irritated when she found out that I couldn't understand Korean and that she had to repeat herself in another language.
Quirky Aquarium!!
We visited as part of an organised tour, this is a good little aquarium with fish in a variety of quirky settings. Its well worth a visit and not too expensive.
A kids friendly aquarium
The aquarium is located within Coex mall and is designed to be kids friendly. It was interest to see innovative way of displaying the fishes in the aquarium, like retrofitting an old telephone broth into a fish tank.
Excellent 
Spent 2,5 amazing hours with 4 children aged 2 to 9 in this aquarium!  Highly recommend to anyone with and without children 
Great fun for small children 
This place is much better than the one at the Coex Centre in Seoul. My 7-year-old had a great time there, especially feeding the fish. Really liked the variety of fish and animals. You can buy discounted tickets through Gmarket. You can do the aquarium in the morning and Kidsania in the afternoon if you have enough energy. Kids will have a perfect day. 
Compact and nice - worth a visit even at this price
I visited this Coex aquarium on the last day at Seoul after attending a conference. After checking out at the hotel, I could take the hand luggage into the aquarium and walk around (that was the reason - to pass time while hanging on to my hand luggage). Within the coex mall the aquarium is nicely planned with lot of species - sharks, penguins, live corals. Full price is high, but you get instant 15% discount with the coupon you find there. I guess the locals get better discounts when they bring their kids.It takes about two hours to see the aquarium leisurely. There are places inside to sit and watch the marine life for longer. It cannot be any better.
Pretty damn impressed 
Arrived at coex mall for some shopping and decided to hit the Aquarium first with our 4 year old; she loves sea creatures!We've been to a fair few aquariums around the world and this one has a really cute and quirky display. We really enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and so did our daughter. The doctor fish part was probably our favourite. Lots of fresh water sea life from all part of Asia, really interesting to see. Would definitely visit again 
One of my favorite aquariums
My expectations were low for an aquarium in a shopping mall, but the Coex Aquarium houses an incredible variety of animals. 
Nice place to spend sometime for fun
Its a very big aquarium with so many separate sections for fishes and animals. Saw different and unique varieties of fishes and sea creatures. It took 2 hrs approximately for us to finish the tour of aquarium. Overall a good place.
Water wonderland
This is a must see for visitors to Seoul. Wonderfully laid out, allow time to see all the exhibits. They are diverse, and children are especially catered for with interactive games. One of the best laid out aquariums we have visited. Many species to excite interest with waterfalls and ponds an attractive addition.
Well designed aquarium
Prefer this aquarium to lotte world aquarium, since it felt as though it was larger and had a larger variety of marine lives. A lot of thinking seemed to have been placed into the designing of the aquarium's layout and furnishing to elude an air of cozy ambiance throughout the visit, even though I felt that some tanks might be too children-friendly for adults - had to squat down at most of the first section. The staff at the ticket counter could have been friendlier as well, as she looked irritated when she found out that I couldn't understand Korean and that she had to repeat herself in another language.
Quirky Aquarium!!
We visited as part of an organised tour, this is a good little aquarium with fish in a variety of quirky settings. Its well worth a visit and not too expensive.
A kids friendly aquarium
The aquarium is located within Coex mall and is designed to be kids friendly. It was interest to see innovative way of displaying the fishes in the aquarium, like retrofitting an old telephone broth into a fish tank.
Excellent 
Spent 2,5 amazing hours with 4 children aged 2 to 9 in this aquarium!  Highly recommend to anyone with and without children 
Great fun for small children 
This place is much better than the one at the Coex Centre in Seoul. My 7-year-old had a great time there, especially feeding the fish. Really liked the variety of fish and animals. You can buy discounted tickets through Gmarket. You can do the aquarium in the morning and Kidsania in the afternoon if you have enough energy. Kids will have a perfect day. 
Compact and nice - worth a visit even at this price
I visited this Coex aquarium on the last day at Seoul after attending a conference. After checking out at the hotel, I could take the hand luggage into the aquarium and walk around (that was the reason - to pass time while hanging on to my hand luggage). Within the coex mall the aquarium is nicely planned with lot of species - sharks, penguins, live corals. Full price is high, but you get instant 15% discount with the coupon you find there. I guess the locals get better discounts when they bring their kids.It takes about two hours to see the aquarium leisurely. There are places inside to sit and watch the marine life for longer. It cannot be any better.
Pretty damn impressed 
Arrived at coex mall for some shopping and decided to hit the Aquarium first with our 4 year old; she loves sea creatures!We've been to a fair few aquariums around the world and this one has a really cute and quirky display. We really enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and so did our daughter. The doctor fish part was probably our favourite. Lots of fresh water sea life from all part of Asia, really interesting to see. Would definitely visit again 
One of my favorite aquariums
My expectations were low for an aquarium in a shopping mall, but the Coex Aquarium houses an incredible variety of animals. 
Nice place to spend sometime for fun
Its a very big aquarium with so many separate sections for fishes and animals. Saw different and unique varieties of fishes and sea creatures. It took 2 hrs approximately for us to finish the tour of aquarium. Overall a good place.
Water wonderland
This is a must see for visitors to Seoul. Wonderfully laid out, allow time to see all the exhibits. They are diverse, and children are especially catered for with interactive games. One of the best laid out aquariums we have visited. Many species to excite interest with waterfalls and ponds an attractive addition.
Well designed aquarium
Prefer this aquarium to lotte world aquarium, since it felt as though it was larger and had a larger variety of marine lives. A lot of thinking seemed to have been placed into the designing of the aquarium's layout and furnishing to elude an air of cozy ambiance throughout the visit, even though I felt that some tanks might be too children-friendly for adults - had to squat down at most of the first section. The staff at the ticket counter could have been friendlier as well, as she looked irritated when she found out that I couldn't understand Korean and that she had to repeat herself in another language.
Quirky Aquarium!!
We visited as part of an organised tour, this is a good little aquarium with fish in a variety of quirky settings. Its well worth a visit and not too expensive.
A kids friendly aquarium
The aquarium is located within Coex mall and is designed to be kids friendly. It was interest to see innovative way of displaying the fishes in the aquarium, like retrofitting an old telephone broth into a fish tank.
Excellent 
Spent 2,5 amazing hours with 4 children aged 2 to 9 in this aquarium!  Highly recommend to anyone with and without children 
Great fun for small children 
This place is much better than the one at the Coex Centre in Seoul. My 7-year-old had a great time there, especially feeding the fish. Really liked the variety of fish and animals. You can buy discounted tickets through Gmarket. You can do the aquarium in the morning and Kidsania in the afternoon if you have enough energy. Kids will have a perfect day. 
Compact and nice - worth a visit even at this price
I visited this Coex aquarium on the last day at Seoul after attending a conference. After checking out at the hotel, I could take the hand luggage into the aquarium and walk around (that was the reason - to pass time while hanging on to my hand luggage). Within the coex mall the aquarium is nicely planned with lot of species - sharks, penguins, live corals. Full price is high, but you get instant 15% discount with the coupon you find there. I guess the locals get better discounts when they bring their kids.It takes about two hours to see the aquarium leisurely. There are places inside to sit and watch the marine life for longer. It cannot be any better.
Pretty damn impressed 
Arrived at coex mall for some shopping and decided to hit the Aquarium first with our 4 year old; she loves sea creatures!We've been to a fair few aquariums around the world and this one has a really cute and quirky display. We really enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and so did our daughter. The doctor fish part was probably our favourite. Lots of fresh water sea life from all part of Asia, really interesting to see. Would definitely visit again 
One of my favorite aquariums
My expectations were low for an aquarium in a shopping mall, but the Coex Aquarium houses an incredible variety of animals. 
Nice place to spend sometime for fun
Its a very big aquarium with so many separate sections for fishes and animals. Saw different and unique varieties of fishes and sea creatures. It took 2 hrs approximately for us to finish the tour of aquarium. Overall a good place.
Water wonderland
This is a must see for visitors to Seoul. Wonderfully laid out, allow time to see all the exhibits. They are diverse, and children are especially catered for with interactive games. One of the best laid out aquariums we have visited. Many species to excite interest with waterfalls and ponds an attractive addition.
Well designed aquarium
Prefer this aquarium to lotte world aquarium, since it felt as though it was larger and had a larger variety of marine lives. A lot of thinking seemed to have been placed into the designing of the aquarium's layout and furnishing to elude an air of cozy ambiance throughout the visit, even though I felt that some tanks might be too children-friendly for adults - had to squat down at most of the first section. The staff at the ticket counter could have been friendlier as well, as she looked irritated when she found out that I couldn't understand Korean and that she had to repeat herself in another language.
Quirky Aquarium!!
We visited as part of an organised tour, this is a good little aquarium with fish in a variety of quirky settings. Its well worth a visit and not too expensive.
A kids friendly aquarium
The aquarium is located within Coex mall and is designed to be kids friendly. It was interest to see innovative way of displaying the fishes in the aquarium, like retrofitting an old telephone broth into a fish tank.
Excellent 
Spent 2,5 amazing hours with 4 children aged 2 to 9 in this aquarium!  Highly recommend to anyone with and without children 
Great fun for small children 
This place is much better than the one at the Coex Centre in Seoul. My 7-year-old had a great time there, especially feeding the fish. Really liked the variety of fish and animals. You can buy discounted tickets through Gmarket. You can do the aquarium in the morning and Kidsania in the afternoon if you have enough energy. Kids will have a perfect day. 
Compact and nice - worth a visit even at this price
I visited this Coex aquarium on the last day at Seoul after attending a conference. After checking out at the hotel, I could take the hand luggage into the aquarium and walk around (that was the reason - to pass time while hanging on to my hand luggage). Within the coex mall the aquarium is nicely planned with lot of species - sharks, penguins, live corals. Full price is high, but you get instant 15% discount with the coupon you find there. I guess the locals get better discounts when they bring their kids.It takes about two hours to see the aquarium leisurely. There are places inside to sit and watch the marine life for longer. It cannot be any better.
Pretty damn impressed 
Arrived at coex mall for some shopping and decided to hit the Aquarium first with our 4 year old; she loves sea creatures!We've been to a fair few aquariums around the world and this one has a really cute and quirky display. We really enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and so did our daughter. The doctor fish part was probably our favourite. Lots of fresh water sea life from all part of Asia, really interesting to see. Would definitely visit again 
One of my favorite aquariums
My expectations were low for an aquarium in a shopping mall, but the Coex Aquarium houses an incredible variety of animals. 
Nice place to spend sometime for fun
Its a very big aquarium with so many separate sections for fishes and animals. Saw different and unique varieties of fishes and sea creatures. It took 2 hrs approximately for us to finish the tour of aquarium. Overall a good place.
Water wonderland
This is a must see for visitors to Seoul. Wonderfully laid out, allow time to see all the exhibits. They are diverse, and children are especially catered for with interactive games. One of the best laid out aquariums we have visited. Many species to excite interest with waterfalls and ponds an attractive addition.
Well designed aquarium
Prefer this aquarium to lotte world aquarium, since it felt as though it was larger and had a larger variety of marine lives. A lot of thinking seemed to have been placed into the designing of the aquarium's layout and furnishing to elude an air of cozy ambiance throughout the visit, even though I felt that some tanks might be too children-friendly for adults - had to squat down at most of the first section. The staff at the ticket counter could have been friendlier as well, as she looked irritated when she found out that I couldn't understand Korean and that she had to repeat herself in another language.
Quirky Aquarium!!
We visited as part of an organised tour, this is a good little aquarium with fish in a variety of quirky settings. Its well worth a visit and not too expensive.
A kids friendly aquarium
The aquarium is located within Coex mall and is designed to be kids friendly. It was interest to see innovative way of displaying the fishes in the aquarium, like retrofitting an old telephone broth into a fish tank.
Excellent 
Spent 2,5 amazing hours with 4 children aged 2 to 9 in this aquarium!  Highly recommend to anyone with and without children 
Great fun for small children 
This place is much better than the one at the Coex Centre in Seoul. My 7-year-old had a great time there, especially feeding the fish. Really liked the variety of fish and animals. You can buy discounted tickets through Gmarket. You can do the aquarium in the morning and Kidsania in the afternoon if you have enough energy. Kids will have a perfect day. 
Compact and nice - worth a visit even at this price
I visited this Coex aquarium on the last day at Seoul after attending a conference. After checking out at the hotel, I could take the hand luggage into the aquarium and walk around (that was the reason - to pass time while hanging on to my hand luggage). Within the coex mall the aquarium is nicely planned with lot of species - sharks, penguins, live corals. Full price is high, but you get instant 15% discount with the coupon you find there. I guess the locals get better discounts when they bring their kids.It takes about two hours to see the aquarium leisurely. There are places inside to sit and watch the marine life for longer. It cannot be any better.
Pretty damn impressed 
Arrived at coex mall for some shopping and decided to hit the Aquarium first with our 4 year old; she loves sea creatures!We've been to a fair few aquariums around the world and this one has a really cute and quirky display. We really enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and so did our daughter. The doctor fish part was probably our favourite. Lots of fresh water sea life from all part of Asia, really interesting to see. Would definitely visit again 
One of my favorite aquariums
My expectations were low for an aquarium in a shopping mall, but the Coex Aquarium houses an incredible variety of animals. 
Nice place to spend sometime for fun
Its a very big aquarium with so many separate sections for fishes and animals. Saw different and unique varieties of fishes and sea creatures. It took 2 hrs approximately for us to finish the tour of aquarium. Overall a good place.
Water wonderland
This is a must see for visitors to Seoul. Wonderfully laid out, allow time to see all the exhibits. They are diverse, and children are especially catered for with interactive games. One of the best laid out aquariums we have visited. Many species to excite interest with waterfalls and ponds an attractive addition.
Well designed aquarium
Prefer this aquarium to lotte world aquarium, since it felt as though it was larger and had a larger variety of marine lives. A lot of thinking seemed to have been placed into the designing of the aquarium's layout and furnishing to elude an air of cozy ambiance throughout the visit, even though I felt that some tanks might be too children-friendly for adults - had to squat down at most of the first section. The staff at the ticket counter could have been friendlier as well, as she looked irritated when she found out that I couldn't understand Korean and that she had to repeat herself in another language.
Quirky Aquarium!!
We visited as part of an organised tour, this is a good little aquarium with fish in a variety of quirky settings. Its well worth a visit and not too expensive.
A kids friendly aquarium
The aquarium is located within Coex mall and is designed to be kids friendly. It was interest to see innovative way of displaying the fishes in the aquarium, like retrofitting an old telephone broth into a fish tank.
Excellent 
Spent 2,5 amazing hours with 4 children aged 2 to 9 in this aquarium!  Highly recommend to anyone with and without children 
Great fun for small children 
This place is much better than the one at the Coex Centre in Seoul. My 7-year-old had a great time there, especially feeding the fish. Really liked the variety of fish and animals. You can buy discounted tickets through Gmarket. You can do the aquarium in the morning and Kidsania in the afternoon if you have enough energy. Kids will have a perfect day. 
Compact and nice - worth a visit even at this price
I visited this Coex aquarium on the last day at Seoul after attending a conference. After checking out at the hotel, I could take the hand luggage into the aquarium and walk around (that was the reason - to pass time while hanging on to my hand luggage). Within the coex mall the aquarium is nicely planned with lot of species - sharks, penguins, live corals. Full price is high, but you get instant 15% discount with the coupon you find there. I guess the locals get better discounts when they bring their kids.It takes about two hours to see the aquarium leisurely. There are places inside to sit and watch the marine life for longer. It cannot be any better.
Pretty damn impressed 
Arrived at coex mall for some shopping and decided to hit the Aquarium first with our 4 year old; she loves sea creatures!We've been to a fair few aquariums around the world and this one has a really cute and quirky display. We really enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and so did our daughter. The doctor fish part was probably our favourite. Lots of fresh water sea life from all part of Asia, really interesting to see. Would definitely visit again 
One of my favorite aquariums
My expectations were low for an aquarium in a shopping mall, but the Coex Aquarium houses an incredible variety of animals. 
Nice place to spend sometime for fun
Its a very big aquarium with so many separate sections for fishes and animals. Saw different and unique varieties of fishes and sea creatures. It took 2 hrs approximately for us to finish the tour of aquarium. Overall a good place.
Water wonderland
This is a must see for visitors to Seoul. Wonderfully laid out, allow time to see all the exhibits. They are diverse, and children are especially catered for with interactive games. One of the best laid out aquariums we have visited. Many species to excite interest with waterfalls and ponds an attractive addition.
Well designed aquarium
Prefer this aquarium to lotte world aquarium, since it felt as though it was larger and had a larger variety of marine lives. A lot of thinking seemed to have been placed into the designing of the aquarium's layout and furnishing to elude an air of cozy ambiance throughout the visit, even though I felt that some tanks might be too children-friendly for adults - had to squat down at most of the first section. The staff at the ticket counter could have been friendlier as well, as she looked irritated when she found out that I couldn't understand Korean and that she had to repeat herself in another language.
Quirky Aquarium!!
We visited as part of an organised tour, this is a good little aquarium with fish in a variety of quirky settings. Its well worth a visit and not too expensive.
A kids friendly aquarium
The aquarium is located within Coex mall and is designed to be kids friendly. It was interest to see innovative way of displaying the fishes in the aquarium, like retrofitting an old telephone broth into a fish tank.
Excellent 
Spent 2,5 amazing hours with 4 children aged 2 to 9 in this aquarium!  Highly recommend to anyone with and without children 
Great fun for small children 
This place is much better than the one at the Coex Centre in Seoul. My 7-year-old had a great time there, especially feeding the fish. Really liked the variety of fish and animals. You can buy discounted tickets through Gmarket. You can do the aquarium in the morning and Kidsania in the afternoon if you have enough energy. Kids will have a perfect day. 
Compact and nice - worth a visit even at this price
I visited this Coex aquarium on the last day at Seoul after attending a conference. After checking out at the hotel, I could take the hand luggage into the aquarium and walk around (that was the reason - to pass time while hanging on to my hand luggage). Within the coex mall the aquarium is nicely planned with lot of species - sharks, penguins, live corals. Full price is high, but you get instant 15% discount with the coupon you find there. I guess the locals get better discounts when they bring their kids.It takes about two hours to see the aquarium leisurely. There are places inside to sit and watch the marine life for longer. It cannot be any better.
Pretty damn impressed 
Arrived at coex mall for some shopping and decided to hit the Aquarium first with our 4 year old; she loves sea creatures!We've been to a fair few aquariums around the world and this one has a really cute and quirky display. We really enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and so did our daughter. The doctor fish part was probably our favourite. Lots of fresh water sea life from all part of Asia, really interesting to see. Would definitely visit again 
One of my favorite aquariums
My expectations were low for an aquarium in a shopping mall, but the Coex Aquarium houses an incredible variety of animals. 
Nice place to spend sometime for fun
Its a very big aquarium with so many separate sections for fishes and animals. Saw different and unique varieties of fishes and sea creatures. It took 2 hrs approximately for us to finish the tour of aquarium. Overall a good place.
Water wonderland
This is a must see for visitors to Seoul. Wonderfully laid out, allow time to see all the exhibits. They are diverse, and children are especially catered for with interactive games. One of the best laid out aquariums we have visited. Many species to excite interest with waterfalls and ponds an attractive addition.
Well designed aquarium
Prefer this aquarium to lotte world aquarium, since it felt as though it was larger and had a larger variety of marine lives. A lot of thinking seemed to have been placed into the designing of the aquarium's layout and furnishing to elude an air of cozy ambiance throughout the visit, even though I felt that some tanks might be too children-friendly for adults - had to squat down at most of the first section. The staff at the ticket counter could have been friendlier as well, as she looked irritated when she found out that I couldn't understand Korean and that she had to repeat herself in another language.
Quirky Aquarium!!
We visited as part of an organised tour, this is a good little aquarium with fish in a variety of quirky settings. Its well worth a visit and not too expensive.
A kids friendly aquarium
The aquarium is located within Coex mall and is designed to be kids friendly. It was interest to see innovative way of displaying the fishes in the aquarium, like retrofitting an old telephone broth into a fish tank.
Excellent 
Spent 2,5 amazing hours with 4 children aged 2 to 9 in this aquarium!  Highly recommend to anyone with and without children 
Great fun for small children 
This place is much better than the one at the Coex Centre in Seoul. My 7-year-old had a great time there, especially feeding the fish. Really liked the variety of fish and animals. You can buy discounted tickets through Gmarket. You can do the aquarium in the morning and Kidsania in the afternoon if you have enough energy. Kids will have a perfect day. 
Compact and nice - worth a visit even at this price
I visited this Coex aquarium on the last day at Seoul after attending a conference. After checking out at the hotel, I could take the hand luggage into the aquarium and walk around (that was the reason - to pass time while hanging on to my hand luggage). Within the coex mall the aquarium is nicely planned with lot of species - sharks, penguins, live corals. Full price is high, but you get instant 15% discount with the coupon you find there. I guess the locals get better discounts when they bring their kids.It takes about two hours to see the aquarium leisurely. There are places inside to sit and watch the marine life for longer. It cannot be any better.
Pretty damn impressed 
Arrived at coex mall for some shopping and decided to hit the Aquarium first with our 4 year old; she loves sea creatures!We've been to a fair few aquariums around the world and this one has a really cute and quirky display. We really enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and so did our daughter. The doctor fish part was probably our favourite. Lots of fresh water sea life from all part of Asia, really interesting to see. Would definitely visit again 
One of my favorite aquariums
My expectations were low for an aquarium in a shopping mall, but the Coex Aquarium houses an incredible variety of animals. 
Nice place to spend sometime for fun
Its a very big aquarium with so many separate sections for fishes and animals. Saw different and unique varieties of fishes and sea creatures. It took 2 hrs approximately for us to finish the tour of aquarium. Overall a good place.
Water wonderland
This is a must see for visitors to Seoul. Wonderfully laid out, allow time to see all the exhibits. They are diverse, and children are especially catered for with interactive games. One of the best laid out aquariums we have visited. Many species to excite interest with waterfalls and ponds an attractive addition.
Well designed aquarium
Prefer this aquarium to lotte world aquarium, since it felt as though it was larger and had a larger variety of marine lives. A lot of thinking seemed to have been placed into the designing of the aquarium's layout and furnishing to elude an air of cozy ambiance throughout the visit, even though I felt that some tanks might be too children-friendly for adults - had to squat down at most of the first section. The staff at the ticket counter could have been friendlier as well, as she looked irritated when she found out that I couldn't understand Korean and that she had to repeat herself in another language.
Quirky Aquarium!!
We visited as part of an organised tour, this is a good little aquarium with fish in a variety of quirky settings. Its well worth a visit and not too expensive.
A kids friendly aquarium
The aquarium is located within Coex mall and is designed to be kids friendly. It was interest to see innovative way of displaying the fishes in the aquarium, like retrofitting an old telephone broth into a fish tank.
Excellent 
Spent 2,5 amazing hours with 4 children aged 2 to 9 in this aquarium!  Highly recommend to anyone with and without children 
Great fun for small children 
This place is much better than the one at the Coex Centre in Seoul. My 7-year-old had a great time there, especially feeding the fish. Really liked the variety of fish and animals. You can buy discounted tickets through Gmarket. You can do the aquarium in the morning and Kidsania in the afternoon if you have enough energy. Kids will have a perfect day. 
Compact and nice - worth a visit even at this price
I visited this Coex aquarium on the last day at Seoul after attending a conference. After checking out at the hotel, I could take the hand luggage into the aquarium and walk around (that was the reason - to pass time while hanging on to my hand luggage). Within the coex mall the aquarium is nicely planned with lot of species - sharks, penguins, live corals. Full price is high, but you get instant 15% discount with the coupon you find there. I guess the locals get better discounts when they bring their kids.It takes about two hours to see the aquarium leisurely. There are places inside to sit and watch the marine life for longer. It cannot be any better.
Pretty damn impressed 
Arrived at coex mall for some shopping and decided to hit the Aquarium first with our 4 year old; she loves sea creatures!We've been to a fair few aquariums around the world and this one has a really cute and quirky display. We really enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and so did our daughter. The doctor fish part was probably our favourite. Lots of fresh water sea life from all part of Asia, really interesting to see. Would definitely visit again 
One of my favorite aquariums
My expectations were low for an aquarium in a shopping mall, but the Coex Aquarium houses an incredible variety of animals. 
Nice place to spend sometime for fun
Its a very big aquarium with so many separate sections for fishes and animals. Saw different and unique varieties of fishes and sea creatures. It took 2 hrs approximately for us to finish the tour of aquarium. Overall a good place.
