Must do
When in Seoul this is a must stop. To be so close to a very dangerous regime and learning about the history of Korea is a must do. We went through USO office at Camp Kim. Half day tour $41. 
Informative and Surreal
Very informative tour and the whole experience seems so surreal that you can go into a place that is technically at war and you can go into the heart of the war zone. The 3rd Infiltration tunnel (be wary of the walking since it can be very tiring going back up), Dora observatory where you can see North Korea from afar and the Dorasan Station where the train that supposedly goes to North Korea are the three main attractions in this place. The JSA is usually a separate half-day tour (stricter rules like no children, proper clothing, etc.) where the actual meeting places of the representatives from both sides can be found.
Very Interesting
Great tour, throughly enjoyed it and highly recommended. Only slight downside was I felt that it was a little rushed, but that didn't take anything away from how good it was!
Private tour
We took a private tour with Kmemories. You still go with the DMZ bus that drops you off the areas but it was great to have a guide to show you around. There were a couple of stops at the train station, dora observatory, 3rd infiltration tunnel and the gift shop.
Great sample of history
Visiting the DMZ puts a lot of history in perspective. It shows to what degree a crazy mindset can take that whole Korean nation, one half against the other.We drove from the Seoul area to Imjingak, where we took the tour. Driving from Seoul is only 60km but traffic is pilling up fast. So leave early. We left very early in the morning and it took 90 minutes.Arrive early!!! The ticket office opens at 09:00, but the line starts before 08:00 and grows fast. The first bus leaves at 09:20 , and there is one every 20 minutes. The tour takes between 2:30 and 3 hours. It includes a visit to the 3rd tunnel (do not miss), where you can see how much work was invested by the North, until it was discovered after 1600 meters, in 1953 to infiltrate the South.The tour also includes interesting view of the border and the North side. At that border point, the South is playing loud music towards the North.We took the monorail to the tunnel, although you can also walk these 360 meters. It saves time and is unique.The tour costs 12,200krw (about $12) per petson.It is worth travelling regardless of the time it takes
Great Visit
This was a great and informative tour. I wish we would of prepared more for it to go on the day long tour as we did not know it was only offered during certain times and with 48 hours notice. The half day tour though was still well worth it. 
Interesting, but very rushed
Although the place has an unquestionable political and historical importance, I would only suggest this tour for people who have a long period to stay in Seoul. The tour is very rushed, and you will only have a few minutes to enjoy the sites. The descent into the third tunnel is a nightmare, and recommended only for people in good shape. Although the guides are friendly and the company serious, there is a final stop at a ginseng factory that is totally unnecessary and that makes you lose 40 precious minutes. Conclusion, do this tour only if you are fanatic about the subject, or if you are going to stay a long time in seoul.
Sobering even when going there for a second time 
Did the half-day trip again and still a sobering experience. Last time the grim autumn weather added more desolation and grimness to the place. DMZ 10-minute video show was good and did hit a raw nerve that until recently the 'North' has been keeping up the physical attacks on the 'South'. The Koreans still talk glowingly about unification and helping out the wretched people while others in the world think otherwise. Hopefully it will all end up well.
Sobering, there are still divisions in the world
Just a wonderful experience to see the DMZ and learn more about the history there. I did not know it is covered with land mines for example. A beautiful place. After seeing how big Seoul is and really a lack of much open space, it is interesting that the location that was born in conflict is really a refuge now to wildlife and open space. Definitely worth the trip and the tour was wonderful. 
Excellent tour
With all the latest drum banging that has the world on tender hooks it becomes even more interesting to visit the DMZ. The concept has been designed to give people hope but I don't know why as they have uncovered quite a few enormous tunnels and they suspect there are more which make it possible for the North to sneak into South Korea. However despite all that it is a fascinating glimpse into the mysterious shenanigans of these two countries and to hope that all the nonsense will end soon. You can go on a walking tour down the tunnel but I preferred not to as I heard it is quite claustrophobic and rather low for tall people.
Do the full day tour its a good experience
We did the DMZ-JSA tour. I think this is unique to Korea that's why you have to really see it yourself. It may change in the near future.I wasn't comfortable sending my passport information to the travel company but from what I have read it is pretty common. Read all the reviews about the tour group before you book.On the bus ride you will have your tour guide and an actual military guy to give you background, reminders and warnings. The tour guide speaks good english, he can answer your questions and the military guy is an American stationed there. There are certain areas where you cannot take photos, one of them is the 3rd infiltration tunnel. We chanced upon a platoon of young cadets in the tunnel. As soon as we are back in the surface, some ladies took pictures with them. I guess the K-drama "Descendants of the Sun" was one of the reasons why men in uniform in Korea became more attractive to the ladies. Everyone one took photos with our own military guy guide in the camp. If you are claustrophobic or not really physically fit, they won't recommend you to go to the tunnel. You will just actually walk down there and the last stop was a very small glass where you can view the other part of the tunnel and it is really nothing much. It's the experience of walking through the tunnel not what you will actually see there so don't expect much.The tour guides didn't really highlight where the Axe Murder Incident happened but when I got to the Freedom Bridge it brought back those articles I read about it. If you know the history or if you will read some of info before you go there then you will appreciate it more. Even if you do not read beforehand, it will be part of your tour since they will ask everyone to watch a video in a mini theater.The Freedom House was interesting too. We saw a "Bob" a North Korean military guard. Apparently he doesn't stand there all day, they will pop out and then will be gone without anyone noticing.I think there is really nothing much to see at the Dora Observatory as well but since it is part of the tour just go ahead and check it out.They built a train station and it's not really operational. You can get a little slip where you can stamp something that proves that you have been there.Those on half-day tour was separated from us who booked a full-day. The first half wouldn't be enough if you want to get the actual look and feel of the DMZ.
Excellent tour of living history
The demilitarized zone of North and South Korea needs no explanation. It is an active war zone and every step of the way you are reminded of that fact. Driving to Paju, you see barbed wired fences and guard towers lining the Han river, and you feel that you are approaching a place in the world that is far from normal.The arrival area has the friendship bridge, a monument to the Korean War, and some remnants of the conflict. From there, you can only peek into the South Korean side of the DMZ. For the real experience, the bus tour is a requirement. The highlight of the tour was the Dora Observatory, where you actually can see into North Korea and the eerily uninhabited Propaganda Village. Bizarre was the best way to describe it. The Third Tunnel was also an amazing experience. This is a tunnel dug by North Korea for the purpose of invading South Korea, which was discovered in 1974. You can go into the tunnel all the way to the blocked portion. The North Koreans attempted to mask their invasion attempt by painting the tunnel walls with coal dust and claiming it was to mine coal. The walls are still lined with coal dust. There is also an ultramodern train station ready to accept passengers to and from the North as a symbol for peace.This is an amazing experience that ought not to be missed when visiting South Korea.
Full Day Tour
Booked a full day tour of the DMZ and JSA. Cost was 260,000 won. We had to meet at a hotel in downtown Seoul at 8:00am. We then got on a tour bus and off we went on our full day tour. Also, before hand, we had to send in our passport pictures and information. You will also need to show your passport at all DMZ checkpoints. Full day stops included:Joint Security AreaMAC Conference RoomFreedom HouseFreedom BridgeThe 3rd TunnelDora ObservatoryDorasan StationBriefing in CampBonifasAlso included in the tour was lunch. This is a full day tour and will take around 10-11 hours. Tips:Tour route and schedule are subject to change without notice whenever there is an official request from the UNC.
A quite different tourist experience, highly recommended
Our DMZ tour was in the morning, part of a combined DMZ-JSA tour booked via Viator, well organised, on time, and a well spoken English language guide. The tour took in the Dora Observatory, the Dorasan Station, the 3rd Tunnel, and Imjingak. Very enjoyable and highly recommended.
Great experience and firsthand view of an ongoing conflict
Many people forget that the two sides never declared an end to their civil war - they only signed an armistice to cease hostilities. This can be clearly seen if you take this tour to the DMZ. The tension in this area, which is evident by the readiness of the South Korean guards that will watch over you while on this tour, is palatable.Once you read the museum/gift shop area, you'll get a quick briefing on the war, the agreement, and the current state of the area. After this brief video, you'll board a bus controlled by the military in this area and head to the DMZ buildings we have all seen in photos. This part of the trip is very tightly controlled, as it is still an active war, even if neither side is shooting.They will cover some of the more unique sites in this location, such as Freedom Village and the guard towers that can be seen on from the road. Once you get to the DMZ negotiation zone, however, that is where the real sights can be seen. You'll get to enter one of the blue buildings (hopefully, sometimes they are closed for security purposes) and see where bilateral talks occur between the two sides. While inside here, the door to the North Korean side will be closed and guarded, which will allow you to move around freely and even stand on the North Korean side of the building. You can claim to have been inside North Korea, even if only along the DMZ.If you're really lucky, you'll see a few North Korean guards on their side of the DMZ doing their drill and ceremony or merely watching you. It is quite interesting to think that these two people, who share so much in common, are so hostile towards one another. The guards on the South will tell you though that they hope for a unified Korea one day.Overall, this was a very intense and worthwhile visit to an active demilitarized zone. The fact that the tensions between the two sides has been high of late only made the trip all the more worthwhile.
An unusual destination
The visit was to the Demilitarized Zone, between North and South Korea. Recent activities in that region prompted to make this trip. With the help of a tour group by bus we traveled almost an hour from Seoul to reach the DMZ. First stop was at a railway station that connected North and South Korea. The stay was very short, about 15 minutes. Then off to to a place closer to the boarder, where you can see through binoculars, North Korean town, it's flag and country side. This stay was about 30 minutes. Then off to visit the tunnel. It was a short ride, about 15 minutes. This is a tunnel supposedly North Korea has used to infiltrate into South Korea. It is long and not so high tunnel with 15 degree incline. Visitors with disabilities, asthma might find it difficult to go down and come back up. You can see dynamite marks, black powder on the ceiling and at the end of the tunnel you are about 5 km from North Korea.
Highly recommended
Took us an hour to reach the first point. Imgingak park. Or the freedom park. This is where the dispersed family get to meet on a periodic basis. Consists of a theme park, few monuments and the bell of peace. The old bullet ridden steam engine was the highlight of this place. Spent 30 minutes walking around here. From here we headed into the demilitarized zone and into the 3rd infiltrated tunnel. It consists of a 8 minute video followed by the museum visit. We then get to descent via a long sloping walkway into the tunnel. No cameras or any other personal belongings allowed here. This was very good and it showed the lengths the country's went to to sabotage each other. From here went to the Dorasan train station. This used to the transit station between the south and the north when there used to be limited amount of industries and trade between the two. It has been disused since 2008. Now only used for one train a day to Seoul for tourists. We were supposed to go to an observatory tower. But it was unfortunately closed today due to a military training exercise. Shame as the weather was perfect to view over across the border. Perhaps another day.After the train station we were told a bit about the history and some interesting stories. The guide has a friend (who is also a guide for this same company) who defected from north Korea 5 years ago. An interesting insight to the ways of the northern Korea. From here we headed back to Seoul. Overall it was a decent tour. It did feel a bit rushed. We did waste a lot of time collecting people. I reckon a smaller minivan type tour would've been better as they try to maximise the entire 45 seater coach. Our guide was good but would've liked a bit more about the relation between the south and the north and some first-hand anecdotes would be good (the north Korean defector story was interesting, Maybe A Bit More On This Topic)
Very interesting and well worth the time
This tour was the highlight of our trip to Seoul. Seeing the area around the DMZ and being able to walk inside of the 3rd infiltration tunnel was very interesting. Out guide was quite informative and spoke excellent English. We were taken to a variety of areas in and around the DMZ and it was all quite interesting. Traffic in Seoul can be quite challenging so we spend a fair amount of time on the bus getting to the DMZ and returning. The DMZ felt reasonably safe and was well worth the visit.
A real eye opener
I did the DMZ tour along with the JSA tour all in one day. This tour is not for the clostraphobic! The tour takes you to the border between North and South Korea, about 40 miles north from Seoul. You stop off at, what I can only describe as a motorway rest stop, and have time for a coffee and get a pretty good view of the infamous DMZ. There's a bridge going over the river that runs along the start of the DMZ. From where I stood the DMZ did not look at all inviting. We got on to our bus and enter the demilitarized zone proper. There were fences two miles either side of the demarcation line which is the actual DMZ. To be honest I enjoyed the experience but felt after the JSA tour in the morning, this was a bit of an anti climax. All there was to really see was the incursion tunnels which you get to go down with its continually decreasing height ( I managed to smack my hard hat so hard on the roof while bent over it caused my head to bleed). The tunnels are small and cramped and not for the faint hearted. To be fair they are quite an achievement as the North Koreans had to blast through solid granite to dig the tunnel and nobody heard them. More worrying is the fact they found 4 of these tunnels, thanks to a defector, and according to him there are actually 20!So in short the DMZ tour is worth it but do it first before the JSA tour.
Must do in South Korea
This was probably the highlight of our trip to Seoul. A part of history that is ongoing..Used a day trip option from Viator (this area is heavily guarded, tours only).Pick up and transport to the DMZ was uneventful, we had a good guide who gave enough pertinent information.Tour involved1. Imjinjak Park - park built for those from both sides who can't return home), you can see the Freedom Bridge here and barbed wire fences with guards. Plenty of food options here.2. Dorasan Station - the train station meant to link South Korea to Europe, but never used, 3. Third Tunnel - closest tunnel to Seoul built by the North Koreans to infiltrate South Korea. You can take a walk down the 73m deep, 300m long walkway/interception tunnel to the infiltration tunnel. The tunnel is well cooled but is a bit of a hike back up! 4. Dora Observatory - Overlook the DMZ, be prepared for the loud music played to drown out the Propaganda by North Korea.Did not opt for the JSA option where you can see the north and south korean army face to face - this aspect has much stricter dress codes etc so be prepared and read up before you go.Must: bring plenty of water, Passport is a must. No strict attire unless you are adding the JSA option to your tour. It's a tour, so remember that you only get to spend 20 minutes at one venue, except the Tunnel where you're allowed about an hour.
Unique experience
No where in the world that the people is still divided and seperated, unable to communicate or know living status of each other. Only some hundreds meters away by a river section and land mine. We bought half day tour with VIP tour operator, very professional! Paid a visit to 3rd Tunnel at -70m depth, to see the attempt by North Korea to invade South by digging various underground tunnels.Worth your visit! 
A must visit when in Seoul
Very interesting visit. Given the current height in international discussions it is definitely worth a visit. Lots of people visiting so you may have to wait a few minutes to get to the front part of the observation deck. Telescopes (500 KRW) are available to view the North. A bit hard to see when the weather is rainy but well worth the trip. 
Interesting Military Zone Tour
An interesting Military Zone Tour with rich active history education on Korea. Must visit. Kids may not be allowed. 
Tour guides were extremely knowledgable, eye opening!
This was a great experience and was very eye opening. The tour guides were extremely knowledgable and were able to answer any questions we had. If you have time while you're visiting Korea I would recommend a stop to the DMZ.
Excellent peace initiative and awareness program
The theme park concept is one of the excellent peace initiative which can create awareness to focus more on man's quest for Family happiness and peaceful aspirations.Suggestion - the facilities like elevators and toilets need round the clock maintenance.
Excellent tour, guides are very knowledgeable.
I had high hopes for this tour and was not at all disappointed, for those expecting to get an abundance of photographs I wouldn't expect much because there are only a few areas in the JSA where you are allowed to take pictures. The U.S. Army tour guides were very knowledgeable and professional, they knew the answer to almost every question we had and the full history of the DMZ as well as a broad history of the Korean War. To history buffs and those looking to get a rare look at what it's like to see North Korea up close this is a must see.
Stepping in the border of NK & SK..
I booked my DMZ tour through Viator - actually I wanted to get the DMZ-Panmunjom tour however, you need to book it two weeks before the schedule. Still I had a great time with my half day DMZ tour though if given a choice I will still choose Panmunjom tour since it's more challenging. Going to DMZ you need to drop by at Imjingak Park and take pictures, where you can also find the stone of peace wall. At DMZ you can walk at 3rd infiltration tunnel which the North Korea dug to attack SK, its a long walk so if you have heart problem or knee problem don't bother to go, anyway, there's not much to see and you can't take pictures inside.Go up to dora observatory where can use the binoculars for SKW 500 and take a view of NK, see the Propaganda village or fake village which the say that no one is really living there and the tall north korea's flag. And lastly, we stop at Dorasan Station - a railway station situated on the Gyeongui Line, which used to connect North Korea and South Korea, however, it's not in operation now. If you are taking the DMZ trip don'd forget to bring your passport.
Something different 
We visited the DMZ and in the process learnt a bit of history which was really good! When you're driving there, the places where dynamite are placed are pointed out to you, then you get out at the park to do your sight seeing, there's carnival rides there as well as military! Really weird! Worthwhile to go to and look across into North Korea ! I particularly liked the freedom bridge and locomotive !
Being on the border between North and South Korea
Always wanted to visit the border between Noth and South Korea. Booked this tour in advance and visited the DMZ and JSA area. I enjoyed every moment of the tour which was very well organized and showed all the special places. A must to visit when coming to South Korea
Good because of its rarity but truly just propaganda and boring in places
This is a one-sided introduction to many sensitive topics. It gets a bit much at times and in truth, the tour is quite boring if you have visited or lived in other countries with a similar approach to their history.Looking into NK is only cool because we have told ourselves it is. In truth all you see are empty buildings through a binocular that you pay for while listening to music blaring through the speakers.Security/military theatre at its finest and all a bit pointless.
What an experience 
As close as one gets to North Korea. Was a clear day and could see as far as one can. Educational trip. Walked the tunnel too. Visited the train station. 
Unusual Experience
Visiting the DMZ is an unusual experience. You can take a tour bus to the DMZ but the military provide the actual tour. There are a number of places where you cannot take pictures, even when you can there are limitations. When standing at the DMZ the military officer leading our tour advised us not to take pictures to our left, right or behind us. The formality of the tour was striking, especially given the recent rhetoric from North Korea. Even though it felt a little tense we enjoyed the experience.We also visited the The Third Tunnel. The tunnel is the third one found by South Korea since the Korean War. You can walk down a 350 meter tunnel to where it ended on the South Korean side of the DMZ. It is a steep hike about 11 degrees and then you can walk in the actual tunnel for 200 meters to where the tunnel is blocked so no one can get through any more.
JSA tour
There are different tours: DMZ tour and JSA tour.I went on the JSA tour, because you actually visit the place where the North and South Koreans are only standing a couple of meters away from each other on the border. This is a weird place...You will visit the room where the UN and North Korea negotiated for peace, exchanging prisoners and other things. Very impressive.You also have to sign a paper that it isn't the fault of South Korea or the UN when something happens to you. Like when the north attacks and kills you or something.Costs of the tour: 85000 won. Duration: half day. You get a description what you can and can't wear, because the north Koreans take photos at you for propaganda purposes when you look like a bum or when you dress to revealing.The tour was very impressive!
Cool Tunnel
We went on the half day tour with Seoul City Tour company. Our wonderful tour guide named Rebekah did a wonderful job. Our tour bus picked us up at 7:45 am. Our first stop at the DMZ was a train station built for when\if South Korea and North Korea unified into one country. No running trains of course, but was fun to take a picture in front of the sign that pointed to North Korea. Our second pit stop was at an observation deck of North Korea. Our third pit stop was at a place to watch a video of how Korea divided into two parts. Finally, after that, we reached the main stop: the 3rd infiltration tunnel dug by North Korea. The tunnel is REALLY COLD INSIDE!!!!! I'D recommend being a sweatshirt or hoodie. We also had to wear a helmet. Once we walked to the divider of the two countries, we walked back. By the way,be prepared to do a lot of walking!! The only thing that was not so fun was that we were driven to a ginseng building where many people tried to sell expensive ginseng to you. That part had nothing to do with the tour whatsoever. Finally, we got dropped off around city hall around 2:30pm.
Cool experience
Did the tour from Seoul to DMZ and had an amazing time during the entire trip, was able to visit the tunnels excavated by North Korea and to see the North Korean border/flag. The train station to Pyongyang is also very funny to visit, since no trains leave or arrive at the station...
Bucket List - ticked 
One of those things on my bucket list is to visit the DMZ. Done this today with Panmunjom Travel Center in Seoul. Your tour guide spoke English and gave us a detail history and perspective it the Korean War and the 38 parallel.Visited the Joint Security Area and the DMZ. Walked down into the 3rd tunnel. Paid my respects at the memorial for the Korean War dead especially the Australians.Worth the trip if you have a day in Korea.
If you can't go to JSA not sure it's worth it
Long day got picked up at hotel in Seoul at 7 am and came back at 430 pm. If you want to set foot in the Hermit Kingdom then you want the JSA tour. You can only take photos facing the North. This is the real deal. The soldiers are there to protect the base
A "Must Do" Tour
A visit to the demilitarized zone in South Korea is a “must do” tour, especially the 3rd infiltration tunnel and the observatory. When you look across the border, the hills that do not have trees, that is North Korea and the music you can hear, that comes from North Korea.
Seoul in a Day. 
DMZ tour was great. A must do if you are able. Book a tour with an agent. There are plenty available. 
Great History Experience
This is a great place to visit to know, understand how the two Korea came about. You get to go into the 3rd Infiltration Tunnel, have a view of the North, etc.But you will need to register with a tour group. I do not think you are allowed to go on your own. 
Surreal Experience - JSA
Our family - 2 adults & a 12 years old were there in early June. It was a wonderful, unique experience in Korea. My child really wished to step foot in North Korea and her wish came true. We joined Kooridor's afternoon tour from 11:30am - 7pm. Their tours got sold out fast, needed to reserve it when the schedule posted online. The cancellation policies are very generous. And Kooridor was very responsive if we emailed for questions. Remember to bring passports!JSA is the best part among this tour because we followed the US army into the borders. And you can feel the intense environment.
Going down the tunnel
Visited the 3rd infiltration tunnel and demilitarized zone DMZ. Very interesting. Hike the tunnel. Hard on the back if you are over 5'5". Almost at the door of N. Korea.
A Must See in Korea
We did the Kooridor tour of the JSA, 3rd Tunnel and DMZ. We didn't have the most pleasant of days to experience this, rainy and dreary, but it was a wonderful day. Our guide was full of information and very clear English speaker, Vincent. He answered all of our questions. The military personnel at the JSA were professional and informational, cut and dried. I don't know of another way that you can, safely, step foot on North Korean soil without the red tape that entails. Must do while in South Korea. 
Combined tour of DMZ (Panmunjom (JSA) and the 3rd Tunnel )
Lots of options to book your tour - but you need to do it in advance and get your passport to them so they can "approve" your visit. Dress code is there for a reason and can't be ignored - they will not let you do parts of the tour.Good day out - interesting tour and the tunnel itself is a strenuous walk. Some on the tour didnt do it as they had some claustrophic concerns - but if you can do it head down the tunnel but save your strength as the climb back up is hard going
Great value for money and well worth the trip!
We travelled to the DMZ by the train from Seoul. We didn't book a tour group ahead as you can join one affordably for less than 10,000 won. You visit Dorsan station, Dora Observatory, and the 3rd tunnel. The tours are timed so you only get a certain amount of time at each stop so prioritise seeing the most important things. Travel from Seoul to here was simple - we only had to take a train then a bus. This is a much more affordable way to do it compared to hiring a tour guide. The DMZ is definitely something to see if you are coming to Korea. There are two options at the ticket booth for when you see the 3rd tunnel. There is a shuttle and a walking ticket. The shuttle costs more but you don't have to walk up and down the tunnel entrance which does knock the breath out of you due to less oxygen at the bottom of the tunnel. You then join a tour bus, there is an informational movie on the bus but ours was in Korean. The sites themselves have explanations in English and later on there is a movie about the DMZ in English. Make sure to pick up headsets at the desk if you need another language like English, French, ect. The tour finishes at a souvenir shop. I suggest if you want to buy something do it here, there wasn't much in the way of souvenirs in the town!
Worth it
Definitely worth it. However long your trip is make sure you make time for this. The amount of things you see depends on the current political situation but most of the time you get to see a lot. We were very impressed and recommend to any first time visitor to Seoul. 
Interesting visit
There was a movie shown here that was about 8 minutes long. It explained how the the DMZ came into being
Worth the trip..!!!
I cane here with wife via the KR pass on the DMZ train..the journey took awhile as the happy train travel at a much slower pace than the normal train..theres food to buy in the train..you will have to fill in declaration form in the train and will be given an identification pass which you will have to show during the military check one station before arriving. we purchased a compulsory tour package (around 8USD) at dorasan station.this includes the entrance to the third tunnel..there will be buses to take you to places here..and there will be people guiding throughout so no wories..just relax and absorb the history..
No more wars! 
The place looks scary! It's a one hour ride to Paju. You see barb wires surrounding the civilian area where farms are located. Strict military rules. Passport is required. There are tunnels which can be viewed by people. What is scary is that when you go to the observation deck one sees North Korea about only 2km. away! 
Whist did not see as much as we hoped it was worth the money
Had a good long day with 7am pickup and 6pm return. We booked the Viator DMZ and JSA Tour both guides were very good although sometimes a little hard to understand but hey my Korean also sucks. We spent 5 memorable minutes in North Korea which was worth the money on its own. Good Bulgogi Lunch included and certainly this so called Demilitarised Zone is the most heavily Militarised Zone in DMZ history it was a very lay back Tour. The JSA Tour was very regimented and we had strict instructions about photos and any type of non verbal communications to the North we had a good time and were able to take most of the pictures we wanted
