If there's only one place to visit in Seoul, make it this one
This palace is really beautiful and really huge. Even though there was a lot of people, you can just turn a corner and found out you are alone in this place filled with history. Do take the guided tour although my tour guide was not really that good. After that, do take your own time exploring the palace. The gardens are especially gorgeous during the autumn season. Do not miss the guard changing ceremony.
Majestic! 
Went at the right time so managed to have a glimpse of the guard-changing ceremony! I rented the audio guide and it was really helpful!  
Nice palace with beautiful spots
It is such a large palace in the central of Seoul. You can take subway there easily as the signage is everywhere.The palace is beautiful with traditional architecture. If you rent hanbok to wear then entrance tickets are free. Again, it is very crowded for photos. It is quite spacious so wear comfortable shoes and hats. It is a popular placeso a lot of tourists wearing hanbok, which is quite nice. Hanbok rental shops are just opposite the street. There are some spots in the palace under construction including beautiful pond with red leaves. Hope it can be finished soon. 
Great place to learn Korean History
The palace is just amazing. It is beauty and grand at the same time. It's a nice place to learn Korean history at the same time you can enjoy the scenery.
A place filled with so much history
There is up to 4-5 museums scattered across Seoul if i did not recall wrongly. If you are into history, you can purchase the entrance ticket for all 4-5 museums at gyungbok palace ticketing booth for a discount. If you just want to have a look at the building, there is a free gallery and cafe you can sit at.
Beautiful Palace in the Heart of Seoul 
This palace is a must-visit if you're in Seoul! I'm so glad my fiancé and decided to check it out, because it was definitely one of my favorite parts of our trip. The palace is massive and so beautiful! We were a little short on time when we visited, so I'd suggest giving yourself two hours to visit. There is also a metro stop right inside of the palace - Gyeongbokgung Station.
I love this palace from dramas and readings but...
Our guide was bad and the famous Hyangwonjeong Pavilion was closed for renovation. I wish my family would have gone in ourselves and read the signs and blocks patiently rather than joining the free tour. It was morning and it spoiled our day.Positive note : the Changing of Guards were nice
Beautiful palace
We visit the palace during autumn where the tree start to turn orange and yellow. Many people wear traditional korean costumes making the place more special. the palace is quite big and need 1-2 hours to walk around, or even spend more times when you like to see it in a more detail ways.
Impressive
Very impressive in size. Well maintained. We did not have time to visit the museums but will take the time when we come back. Many people wearing traditional tunics made this experience very special. I was almost more interested by them than the palace itself!We did not take a guide, which would have probably made the tour more interesting. For 3,000 won, it is a nice place to visit and you can take time to wander and immerse yourself in the old, while the new Seoul is only steps away.
A four-hour palace experience
This place brings you back to the monarch times of royal families in South Korea. This is a very huge place with wonderful scenery around during autumn! Leaves of various trees with different leaves colors and hues ranging from reds, browns, yellows, greens to any color you can think of in between those mentioned colors. The royal guard parade in the morning is one of the highlights of the palace visit. Many tourists enjoy the sight in this place along with the 2 more palaces situated nearby this area. The structure of this palace shows how meticulous ancient people were in designing intricately the style of this palace. Indeed a Korean-like experience especially when you wear their national costume when you are roaming around the place.
Grand palace
This is a must visit in Seoul. We didn't do a tour but enjoyed walking round and taking pictures. Entry fee was 3,000 won which was about £2. We spent a good few hours here and enjoyed it.
Largest of the Five Grand Palaces
Gyeongbokgung Palace is a superb place that the whole family would definitely enjoy. The palace is surrounded by establishments where you can find "Hanbok" or "Korean Traditional Dress" for rent. It is located at the heart of capital of Seoul (Hanyang) and at the back of it is "The National Folk Museum of Korea". When we visited, there's an ongoing cultural presentation which they sang beautiful traditional songs.Insadong-gil is just a walking distance from Gyeongbokgung Palace that's well known as "traditional streets" where you can find traditional porcelain, metal and wooden chopsticks, handcrafted keychains and handmade wallets.*Located at 161 Sajik-ro, Sejongno, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea*Entrance going to Gyeongbokgung Palace - 3,000 won (each)
Must visit
In every city that you visit, there is always that one place you have to go to otherwise you cant really say that you have been to that place. And I think for Seoul, its this place. On our itenerary, originally we were to visit palaces during a Sunday but because the DMZ tour was fully booked on our scheduled day, we had to rearrange our schedule. So we decided Monday for palaces. Big mistake since all the palaces were closed on Mondays EXCEPT for this one. And we were exceptionally happy that we were lucky enough that this wasnt closed on a Monday because we would have been missign a lot. Now, we went by ourselves to this palace. And I think this place would be visited best with a guide to explain what the buildings were and their importance. When we visited the Forbidden City in Beijing we did so and it was extremely insightful and I wish we did the same when we went to Gyeongbokgung.Now if your here just for some photo ops wearing hanboks, then you wont really care for that tour but for someone who likes history do hire a guide.For photo ops, autumn is a great time for that. The golden tres juxtaposed with the palaces would really lool great wearing your rented hanbok. 
Must visit
Although we missed the changing of the guards we totally enjoyed the palace grounds. Must visit especially in autumn - very surreal- and affordable too at 3000 kwn (freebif you are wearing hanbook). Allow at least 2-3hrs to cover the grounds and its surroundings. 
Nice visit to look back at korea history
It is a crowded tourist place. Nice to see the guard changing ceremony. Visitor is allowed only to see the outside of the buildings inside the palace. not all of the buildings are accessible, the huge lands are only accessible for certain parts only. The most disappointing aspect is that this palace was destroyed so many times and the buildings seen today is recent. And not 1000 +++ old. 
Nice palace 
Well worth the visit if you are in Seoul for a few days. Very impressive oriental structures and the grounds are very well maintained. Cheap enough entry and was easy to get to by subway
Nice place to visit
I spent almost 4 hours here. I suggest you to come here in the morning so you could stay longer. We were so lucky that we got a free tour guide that day. Don’t forget to try the hanbok and watch the exchange guard ceremony. Very recommended. 
Nice palace and history
Went on a Monday and it was not too crowded. Managed to join the English walking tour and the guide was great in sharing the history. The buildings were very well maintained.Apparently visitors dressed in hanbok gets to go in for free. There are hanbok rental shops near the palace and Insadong.it was about 20000won for 2 hours. There are many visitors dressed in Hanbok so it does feels like going back in time (if not for the selfie sticks)We took train to Anguk Station and walk to the palace.. about 10mins walk. Join the guided tour..
Well laid out and maintained. Many people in Hanbok costume
This was a very pleasant Palace to visit. It's only 3,000 Won (£2 sterling). which is great value. It a huge area so although there are many visitors it never seemed overcrowded.It's mainly buildings and structures with number of opportunities to view the insides. There is a children's museum exhibition area and a mock up of an old street which was interesting. The grounds were immaculate as you come to expect in Korea....It has an added attraction that there are many (lots and lots) of people in tradition Hanbok costume which really adds to the atmosphere and gives many photo opportunities.You also have free entry to he National Palace Museum of Korea in the same grounds and that is a very impressive museum, first class...... Do not miss visiting the museum.In total it will take at least two hours to go around to give it justice including the museum etc easily three hours.... I feel your better dong one of the palaces thoroughly rather than trying to rush around the all just to tick the box. !!!In summary well worth he visit and do visit the National Palace Museum....
History at a glance!! 
With splendid palaces and pagodas donning this palace one is taken back in time as one strolls through this complex. The best part of the visit is the traditional guard changing ceremony! And one can get clicked with them once they have taken their place. Would be even better if one can get a hanbok to move around and have that authentic feel.
A Must Visit Palace
One of the biggest palace.Rent a hanbok, stroll the palace and take pictures. Free entrance if wearing hanbok.Come on weekdays.
Overrated
We felt this palace is too overrated since the artifacts inside are not all original, many were destroyed during the Japanese occupation. The palaces are quite small (if compared to China's Forbidden City) and not much to see. Some parts are also being restored/ rebuilt.
Hanbok experience
Its a good place to wander around wearing hanbok, and you are free to enter if you wear one. We got to see the changing of the guards ceremony and its like a kdrama scene. The place is pretty specially in autumn.
Grand Palace
The nearest metro station is Gyeongbukgung Station on Line 3.This Palace is an impressive set of buildings. It was built three years after the founding of the Joseon Dynasty. It has an interesting history. It was destroyed during the Japanese invasion in the 16th century. It was rebuilt in 1867. It was again destroyed by Japanese occupation in 1915 and replaced with the headquarters of the Japanese government. The present Korean government has embarked on an ambitious restoration project started in 1990 to bring the palace to its former glory. The backdrop to the palace is Mount Bugak. The main entrance to the palace is through Gwanghwamun Gate. There is a colourful changing of the guard ceremony held every morning. Within the grounds are the National Folk Museum of Korea and the National Palace Museum of Korea. Also, the offices of the King and the Korean state officials are located within the outer court of the palace walls. The inner court has the residences for the royal family. The Queen’s palace and the Crown Prince’s palaces are within the main Gyeongbokgung palace.Admission for adults are 3,000 Won (equivalent to about GBP2.00 Aug 2017).In the summer months of June, July and August, the opening hours are 9am to 6.30pm – and the last admission is one hour before closing time. It is closed on TuesdaysThere are facilities for the disabled like free wheelchair rental, parking access, ramps and toilets.
Not as expected
Usually I'm the architecture junkie that make sure every trip is filled with historical sites and buildings, but Gyeongbokgung to be honest, didn't lived up to my expectations. The palace is rather big and empty( in terms of decor / plants etc) I'm not sure if its because I went in Autumn, and the plants died off + there was an event setup going on in the middle of the palace (kinda ruins the vibe). Some of the buildings are closed of for repairs extension for winter(?), which made my visit kinda disappointed. But the palace was rather big and the museum at the side was worth the visit.
Wearing hanbok in Gyeongbokgung Palace
For the first time we wearing hanbok. And it is the best experience ever. We will return here again. 
Historical
Imagine having to walk the same paths within the palace walls as the kings of Goryeo ... Joseon Dynasty.
Grandeur
We went on a weekday while my partner rented a Hanbok for 4 hours. Entry to palace (otherwise 3000 won ) was free for people wearing Hanbok. Beautiful palace with a museum inside to explore. Lots of places for ‘ that perfect photo’ opportunity. Good half a day spent on this venue. Highly recommended. 
Back In Time
This is a place for those who loves historical events. It is a Palace which was been restored under many challenges. Must congratulate the government and the people of South Korea whom had done a really good job.This Palace was built during the Jeoseon Dynasty and had been serving about 27 Kings during the old days.The tour will takes about an hour and a half, we will have the opportunity to explore every building originally occupied by the King, The Queen, and all of their day to day labour.Please come before 11am, as by then, the ceremonial Changing Of Guard will be diaplayed. You can enjoy the show, as it is being done with the most traditional way. Every details were being presented as if we are “back in time”.Enjoy guys!!
Free English Speaking Tour
We visited the palace and arrived just as a free English speaking tour was starting, very useful and gave us a real taste for what happened in times past. As an added bonus there was reduced priced entry for seniors, we had photos of our passports on our phones!!
Gyeongbokgung Palace
Gyeongbokgung Palace is beautiful we toured around Seoul on a whistle top tour in October on the Hop on Hop off Bus at Chuseok holiday time, this is one of the best times to visit Seoul as the queues are less and most of the attractions are free for the holidays.Unfortunately we had so little time here, but it was beautiful. You must visit this Palace to understand the rich cultural past of South Korea.
Most popular palace out of five
This palace is big but can get so busy. Watch out for the change of guard ceremony times. The pavillion that I was looking forward to is being renovated until 2019. There's a reason to go back then. :)
Beautiful palace!
Really enjoyed my visit at the Gyeongbokgung Palace. We were able to join a free English tour and the tour guide did an excellent job at explaining some of the palaces history. Tip: Join the free tour group. Check website for time.
Colourful changing of the Guard and interesting palace
The last time we were in Seoul about three years back, we chanced on the changing of the guard at the Gwanghwamun in front of the palace. Then it was crowded with throngs of tourists.On this trip with some friends, we decided we would get a good position to see the entire ceremony and visit the palace as well (a bonus was a visit to the National Palace Museum nearby).Since China curtailed visits by its citizens over the installation of anti-missile systems in South Korea, the crowd was much smaller and we were afforded excellent views of the ceremony.The palace too was likewise not very crowded and gave us lots of time to wander about and admire the architecture and the displays.Free admission to both events was a bonus.And there were lots of people in hanboks, or traditional Korean dress,A while back, a rule was introduced that people wearing hanboks (Korean or otherwise), did not have to pay for entry into the various palaces that charged entry.It was quite amusing to see Caucasians, South Asians, and pretty much everything in between in hanbok.The changing of the guard ceremony is held three times a day, 11.00 a.m., 1.30 p.m. and 3.00 p.m. But check the website and tourist guides.
Very Big Place for a Castle
A must to place to visit if you are into history of a place. They have a guided tour (English speaking). You can also wear Hanbok, their traditional clothes in South Korea. The place is huge, you can get lost. But they have beautiful garden for picture taking.
Beautiful Palace - best of the five
This palace is the largest of the five palaces in Seoul, and definitely worth the visit. We toured it during a hanbok festival weekend, so it was very crowded, but the crowds were largely composed of Koreans in traditional dress, and it was a cool experience in itself to see that. I really enjoyed this palace and would recommend it. The guards out front are a great photo op.
A must do in Seoul
If you want to know more about Korea as a first visitor you must see this palace to understand more about the incredibly rich culture of South Korea
Beautiful and historical 
We loved visiting this place. We were fortunate to go on the last Wednesday of the month and get admission for free. I recommend exiting out the "back" entrance and checking out the Blue House, then walking around Hanok village after!
Good
Good view /big place/easy to find/wonderful place /i think ,,u should come to there everything is good
This place is beautiful in autumn 
Visited for a second time when friends from Canada came to see us. Great time of year when the leaves are changing. Colorful Changing of the Guard-worth your time.
Love
Love this place located middle of town. Being indian and foreigners like me is good options to know about korea.
Grandest palace of the 4
If you have to choose from the 4 palaces to visit in Seoul city, choose this. Join the English tour so you will understand the history behind the different structures found in this area.
Free English tour 1130am daily
English tour was lovely. Very similar to other big Asian palaces- clean and not super crowded. Last Wed of every month is free entry all national heritage sites, but only 10$ entry other days anyways
Free entry when wearing hanbok
Rental costs for hanbok costs around 30000 won each for both men and women so it's worth getting as the entrance ticket is around 10000 won. So might as well take pictures with the hanbok if you like the idea!Big complex with many smaller buildings and large gardens. At certain times of the day, there are parades and a change of the guard. Don't miss one of them!
Need to visit here again!
We went to Seoul by using a tour package. Our tour guide was so frustrated that the tour package is not inclusive of visiting Gyeongbokgung Palace, Korean culture. Therefore, during the free time, we went here. Not knowing the place is MUCH BIGGER PLACE. We stopped at the second entrance cause the time 11.00 AM will show performance on Royal Gate shift change. There are hourly free guided tour ; English, Chinese, Japanese and etc. Free entrance and you can come here by subway ; Gyeongbokgung. I didnt any see souvenir shop here. Too bad :(
Well worth visiting- magnificent buildings
A must visit sight in Seoul. Extensive buildings of restored royal palace. Changing of the guard is touristy fun. Very little inside the halls except for one exhibition. 
Amazing Palace
Surroundings are clean and the place is so authentic. You can enjoy korean food inside the palace... Latest Entrance price is 3000won..For those people wearing korean traditional hanbok, entrance is free :)
Go for the free guided tours
Check when the free guided tours are. This included in your ticket. The palace is not very grand but still beautiful. Our free guided tour was also interesting. A must-do if visiting Seoul for the first time. 
Big palace
Top tourist spot in Seoul. Free entrance if you wear hanbok . Ticket is 3000 for normal admission. Follow the guided tour to understand better on the history of this building.
Great Picture Stop
We stopped here for the sole purpose of taking some great pictures for our walls at home. Other than the site being under construction during our visit which limited the availability of some of the areas we were pleased. 
