English Mass on Sundays at 9am
How to get there?Line 4: Myeong-dong Station Exit 9, 10; Line 2: Euljiro 1(il) ga Station Exit 5, 6; Euljiro 3 (sam) ga
More like a church
Myeong-dong Cathedral is the Church for Archdiocese of Seoul and was also the birthplace for the Roman Catholic Church community in Korea. It is located at one end of Myeongdong Street in Seoul. It looks quite impressive. Bishop Laurent Joseph Imbert, and priests Peter Simon and James; Pourthie Jean Antoine are buried here.Admission is free and services are held regularly.
A good place of history and for prayer
Stop by this attraction spot while you are visiting Myeongdong shopping street (preferably around noon). It offers a quiet environment for prayer and self-reflection.The cathedral holds its own history and there is free information leaflets explaining so.
Dissapointing
I came here to full time before heading back home and was disappointed. Although it's called a cathedral in Europe this would be classed as a big church. I didn't find it overly decorative or interesting, the shopping streets nearby offered more. Apparently it's one of the oldest buildings in Seoul as lots were destroyed during the war but I was expecting more to be honest. There are plenty of better things to do in Seoul. 
Beautiful
It is right at the doorstep of Myeongdong shopping district and it is very beautiful at night. The cathedral is glorious.
Historical church 
Within the myeongdong shopping district. They have 9am English mass. Going inside the church, you need to queue outside - very organize! The s church decor is stunning and adorable. The facade of the church is a good for photo ops. 
Quick glance
Some photo opportunities perhaps but can't compare to those in Europe. But since it's just around Myeongdong, we happen to come across it. It's not a place where we would deliberately make plans to see necessarily.
Nice Cathedral - important for Catholics in Korea
Was staying close by and chose to take a look. Didn't know anything about the history of Catholics in Korea so guess I was expecting a much older building. Nice interior and stained glass. Not overly impressive or old by European standards. Little guide books they have were good to read to understand the history of the Catholic Church in Korea and the role of this building. 
Combine with shopping street 
This is just off Myeongdong shopping street. Since that's a must visit place I guess this is too.Building in great condition. Nice architecture. Beautiful stained glass inside and pictures ARE available allowed. Worth checking out definitely 
Myeong-dong Cathedral Review
Located in a quite central location for Seoul visitors. Nice cathedral to visit regardless of being a believer or not. Worth visiting for sure.
A grand iconic cathedral
We went for Sunday mass at this cathedral. We took subway line 4 and stopped at Myeong-dong Station. Initially we had some trouble locating the entrance and went through an office building to reach it. The entrance is actually located along a side road, off the main Myeong-dong road. It is a very beautiful cathedral of Gothic design and is the centre of catholicism in Korea. We explored the grounds and it was peaceful. We saw bus loads of tourists visiting.
Missing atmosphere
Quiet place hidden among skyscrapers and busy market streets. Pay attenbtion, there is one-way-roar only, you have to exit the same way, you entered before!
Church!
I first visited this place on my first visit to Seoul (that was a Sunday) And I am enthralled by this place. One should visit this place while in Korea. 
Beautiful Gothic Cathedral
If you love Gothic Cathedrals, this is a great spot, contrasting a lot of traditional and contemporary Korean architecture. Settled a 5 min walk away from one of the busiest shopping neighborhoods, it offers a nice pause from the buzz.
Historic Cathedral Church in Myeong-dong
Very nice to see Myeong-dong Cathedral in the middle of Myeong-dong. This church is built on a 14,412 m2 site, the total floor area of the church is 1,498 m2 and it's dimensions are 69 m is in length, 28 m in width, and 23 m in height. The height of the bell tower is 46.7 m according to statue book in Myeong-dong. You can find more information in statue book on area myeong-dong cathedral. So many object photo you can take in here. If you want to go inside cathedral, come in monday to friday. Saturday to monday is close because there is a worship in here. Many tourist comes here.
Historic Cathedral right next to Myeongdong Shopping Area
We were surprised to see the cathedral right next to this shopping area. There were a couple of English masses so we were able to join and understand. Though beautiful, it is not as ornate as its European counterparts. It is the oldest Catholic church in Korea and holds significant history for the country. It is on a hill at the end of Myeongdong street so it's location is lovely. There are quiet seating areas outside for prayers and meditation. When we were there, a full moon rose up behind the church as the evening mass ended. Stunning!
Nice Cathedral
Very nice looking cathedral in the middle of Myeongdong. Nothing much going on with the cathedral except that it is situated on an elevated base so good photo shots.
I was surprized to see this church in Seoul.
It was a surprise to see this church in Seoul. I was expecting people to be of different religions. But in fact, about 25% are Christian. The church is nice but not a real attraction for us coming from Europe where there is endless numbers of churches of this kind. But I see that many new churches are now in building process in Seoul. And it will be interesting to have a look at them later on.
Beautiful 
Lovely cathedral. Excellent choir. We attended the youth mass at 7:30pm mass, Sunday. Lovely experience. The grotto to the Virgin Mary outside is inspiring. It's easy to get to: just at the end of the most busy food street in Myeondong which is located right across Lotte Shopping centre, next to the Ibis Ambassador Hotel,Myeondong. 
Just another Cathedrals
If you have been to Europe or North America there are probably better Cathedrals to see. This is a very modest building.
Worth a visit
The Cathedral is worth a visit even if it was for a change of atmosphere in a buzzing city. It is a strange sight in the usually buzzing city. An oasis of rest and quiteness with even a Lourdes like prayer cavern. It si atrange to see a usually tall building almost seemingto drown in the moderness of tall skysrapers.
A very solemn place
I've been there twice already because Pope Francis visited this church during his visit in Seoul. This is located in the heart of downtown Seoul Myeondong and is the first parish church in Korea and the most important symbol of the Korean Catholic Church. Its called " Myeong-rye-bang during Joseon Dynasty and was formed 1784. If you want to visit the church, look for Sejong Hotel and at the side of the hotel there is a road going to the church just follow it and at the end of it turn left and you will see the church. Sunday English mass at 7am and 9 am ( in the cathedral). Confession will be done before 9 am sunday mass.
In the heart of Myeong-dong
Visited the cathedral on our way to Myeong-dong shopping district.Nice cathedral.Worth a wall through.
Very nice!
As Catholics, it was a must to visit, pay your respects and pray. It has beautiful exteriors as well as interiors. It's just sad the mass had just wrapped up. Amusing that it was situated in the middle of a busy and noisy shopping area though.
classic design cathedral
The cathedral is located in a corner of myeong dong street. The environment is comfy and beautiful. Good view to enjoy anther side of the city and appreciate the religious building. 
BEautiful cathedral
Close to Myeongdong station. Big church but you have to go up the stairs. THe structures are old but very beautiful
Peaceful in the heart of Myeongdong
This cathedral is just a few minutes walk from the Royal Hotel where I was staying. Visited it on my last day. There is a lot of history and significance for this Cathedral.The bodies of 3 saints (martyred during the religious persecutions in the 1800's) are buried under the alter. The architecture itself is the first brick church in Korea - built in the Gothic style and is considered a historical site.On a nice sunny day, the backdrop of the church and the architecture of the church is photo opp worthy. My picture of the church actually has a rainbow that runs across the bottom half of the picture. I'd like to think that it is a nice hello from the heavens. As you walk into the courtyard of the Cathedral to your left is the grotto of the Blessed Virgin Mary where you can light a candle and pray. Inside is so peaceful and worshippers frequent the church throughout the day.
instagram worthy!
Beautiful cathedral that is worthy of an IG post :) this place is just a very short walk from Myeongdong 
.
So fortunate and blessed to have visited the cathedral. After a long day walking the streets of Seoul, you can find peace, calmness just by sitting inside. A beautiful place for the soul.
An unexpected cathedral in the heart of Seoul
The Myeong-dong Cathedral was something that I was not expecting to see in Seoul. It is a quiet place to visit, if you need some time away from the hustle and bustle of the city. I can truly recommend.
Myeongdong Cathedral
the only church i pass by in seoul, hopefully next time i can visit other catholic church. they have english mass during sundays.. 
Nice Arcitecture
Free to visit, Great architecture, please respect those praying inside. If you are into well designed buildings, or religious sites, this is a good one to visit if you are in Myeong-Dong and need a break from all the busy streets.
If you're in Myeongdong, might as well
If you're in Myeongdong might as well visit this Cathedral as there isn't much to do in Myeongdong. Not sure what the hype is about for Myeongdong.
Untypical sight in Seoul
It's refreshing to see a Gothic Catheral in the middle of the shopping area. I enjoyed a short walk around it, as I did not think it was open for people to go inside. There were many tourist taking photos from outside.
Beautiful 
It was lovely early morning visit. Calm and peaceful. We enjoyed the ambience. We were out walking and came to this Cathedral in the middle of a bustling city. 
a sunctuary for the tired and weary soul.......
It was two weeks ago while walking along the busy shopping district of Myeong dong when we came across this beautiful magnificent church stuck in the middle of a commercial buildings in the heart of Seoul. We were awed by its beauty that we decided to attend mass even though it was in Korean. I am impressed by how the mass was celebrated, very solemn and sacred. It was an early evening mass on a Friday and almost full of churchgoers mostly Koreans office workers. I must admit that I was deeply touch by how the Korean catholics practiced their faith.
Famous catholic church in Korea
I visited with a friend from overseas. It is easily accessible, located in one of the touristy area called Myeongdong.
A Rare Beautiful Gothic Building Structure 
Located just a short walking distance from Exit 9 of Myeongdong Station, a place rich in history. The first parish church and place for the Catholic communityThe Church's beautiful architecture and lovely stained glasses are well maintain in in pristine condition. I belief that such pure Gothic architecture building style is a rare find in Seoul.If in need of some inner-peace & self-reflection time, a trip hear will fullfil the objective.
Cathedral..
Found out that it was just walking distance from my hotel, on my last day in Seoul.. Had a quick breakfast in the morning so that have enough time to visit.... real glad..!!
Interesting Sunday Mass
I attend 9 AM English Sunday Mass. The mass is very sacred. However, please expect some tourist tours to appears until 3 minutes before the mass begin.
a holy in the crowd
for the busy street like myeongdong, you still can find a quiet and peaceful place.. it is myeongdong cathedral. i love i'd been there. it's instagramable for me and my wife. it also have a good architecture and it's so easy to find. (i visit this cathedral on jan 2015)
Well done, right location and perfect view
Really well done, right location and perfect view! A little bit strange to see this cathedral in Seoul (at least for me) I was surprised to know that a certain part of people in Korea are catholic. Located on a hill, close to Myeongdong shopping district this cathedral looks awesome, especially in the evening when lights are on. Very modest inside but cozy at the same time. Opened till 21:00 if I am not wrong. Surely worth a visit. 
Amazing
Inside and out equally stunning. The quite places to pray ouside were very moving. Did find difficulties finding. No real direct access.
Beautiful Gothic Cathedral
Located on a hill in middle of city...elevators available.Cab driver could not find it!!!!!He had to ask for help 3 times!!!Wanted to buy a cross in gift shop but gift shop closed and is being updated.
For a busy place like Myeongdong, this is a quiet and solemn sunctuary
For Christians, this is a must visit place. A very quiet and solemn place in the middle of busy Myeongdong. For foreign Catholics, there is a Sunday English mass at 9am. One of my favorite places is the park in front of the cathedral - my family lounges there with our coffee and tea during the late afternoons of spring and autumn.
Very Beautiful Church
Coming from a predominantly catholic country, I did not expect Seoul to have such a beautiful cathedral as this. Conveniently located in the heart of Myeongdong , this church has a very nice brick structure with a lot of trees and gardens as well as a nice souvenir shop. I attended Palm Sunday mass here and it was very solemn. My only comment is that the pews do not have kneeling pads so its quite diffiult to kneel during the mass. Oh well, its just a small sacrifice to make to make church service more meaningful. Must visit for Catholic tourists in Korea.
Beautiful
Walk slightly up the hill and there it appears.A surprising structure that appears right after you've shopped to drop. Great contrast and great to behold.
What a beautiful cathedral!
Came to the cathedral in an early morning and then waited to join a mass at 9am on Sunday. The cathedral was on a small hill which was easily to recognize from the distance. The main building and main hall were so beautiful and brought peaceful feeling to us!
Amazing church building
We came across this cathedral during our shopping trips. It is very nicely build with red bricks. We only walked outside the building as the doors are closed. Hope to visit it next time.
Amazing Architecture
I love the architecture of this church inside and out, and is definitely unique and different from what we see in the Philippines.
Peaceful yet stunning 
Visited this Roman Catholic Church in the middle of Myeongdong since it's just 10 minutes walk from our hotel. Wonderful exterior architecture with red & grey bricks. Love the colourful huge stained glasses at both side of the wall . It's well maintained as it was completed in 1898. Behind the church there's a small garden with beautiful landscapes & a statue of Virgin Mary . Worth a visit even you are not religious but love the gothic architecture!
It was a good 10 minute stop
We learned that Korean Catholics number about 10% of South Korea's population. The stained glass was nice but not the most beautiful we've ever seen. If you're Catholic, they seem to have daily services, which may be important for your religious needs.
A pretty decent cathedral
A lot bigger on the inside than it looks from the outside. If you're into this kind of thing it is a pretty cathedral. I visited during Sunday mass and it was almost full. 
Seoul Korea visit 
Very nice church. Well maintained! Everyone who attends Mass in this Catholic church is so attentive and everyone participating in singing and response to prayers! We attended 3 daily Masses at 6:00 in the evening (18:00) and Sunday Mass at 10:00 am (in Korean language). There's one English Mass on Sunday at 9:00 am. 
Cafe under the Cathedral
When you're going to visit this cathedral, don't miss to visit the cathedral cafe "Jeonkwangsoo" under the cathedral. You can enjoy very fresh and nice coffee with the cathedral souvenirs in the cozy and comfortable area. By the way, this cathedral dedicated to Our Lady of the Immaculate Conception, the principal patron saint of Korea and the Korean people, the cathedral is a community landmark and a notable symbol of Catholicism in Korea. The cathedral church is one of the earliest and most notable examples of Gothic Revival architecture in Korea.
Catholic Church in the City
A very big place, and very nice church. There is also a cafe in the basement, and there are seats around the church, where you can sit.
Beautiful cathedral
Catholic church located at myeongdong. Very beatiuful cathedral and many tourist in there to pray n take photo.
Peace Be With You
I happened to arrive just in time for Saturday night mass. I would definitely recommend checking the website so that you can see a service taking place. Of course I couldn't understand the words, but I was still moved by the music and the fellowship of the people-the church was very crowded! The architecture is simple and beautiful-the stained glass windows very pretty. It is a lovely place to rest and get a break from the teeming crowds of the market. Outside, there is a gift/book store with a nice selection of religious items and books. This is well worth the visit when you are in the area.
sunday church service at 9am
10am sunday is korean version i thinkthis church is full on a sundayeasy to reach from myeongdong area
Wonderful architecture
This cathedral was one of the centre of fight against dictatorship in late 1980s. Its bishop was one of main voice in order to have back democracy in the country. Its construction started in 1892 and in 1898 it was inaugurated. Its architecture is in a barrrouque style and it is very impressive. 
Nothing to blow you socks off, but worth a visit
It might look closed, but the doors either side of the main door are quite possibly open. Stain glass windows, alter, and a big organ. Read a bit of the history (free guides in many languages) as it makes it more relevant.
Beautiful!!!
The craftsmanship of the cathedral is breathtaking. As you enter, you are just amaze of the beauty. We went early morning so it very peaceful and it wasn't crowded
Gothic style 
This is a nice cathedral located in Myeongdong. It is peaceful here, as it is located on a side street off the busy shopping street.It was built in the Gothic style architecture and has been around for more than 100 years' old.
Oasis of calmness
Great landscaping outside and soothing calmness of quitness inside. Love the brick wall exteriors and the fact that its there amid the retail therapy. Great areas for photo ops too around the cathedral as it sits on a promontory. A must when you go to Myeongdong. Lots cosmetic stores, clothes shops, and eating places there but only one cathedral. 
Totally different place in Seoul 
We had difficulty finding the cathedral. It's in the middle of the major shopping district in downtown Seoul and is only reachable from one side. For those who are used to visiting cathedrals in the UK it's a lot smaller (more large church). However it is a quiet tranquil place in the middle of a bustling city. It is obviously looked after and has information in English so you can recognise the different parts of the building. 
An Elegant architectural marvel 
Myeongdong' heart beats faster than most, if you were to seek refuge from the relentless shopping around you there's no where better. You can walk around the grounds and learn it's over 100years old history, or you can find a cafe in its basement and rest. There's a bookstore and a gift shop too for your rehab back to the shopping madness.
just so so
We witnessed a wedding here and it was beautiful. Do visit if you're in the area, but i would not go out of my way to see it. 
Lovely piece of quiet in the city
Lovely cathedral. Beside all the shops in the Myeongdong district. You really can't miss it. A lovely shrine outside, to the left hand side, where you can light a candle for 1,000won. There is also s shop selling lots of different Catholic items, from rosary beads to books. The cathedral itself is quite big with beautiful stained glass windows. It's s lovely, peaceful place in a rather busy district. The 9am Sunday service is in English.
In downtown, a little "way up"
Up the stairs for about 2 to 3 minutes from the street to the entrance, this "big all-brick" cathedral is worth stopping by inside which you'll see beautiful patterns on the stained-glass windows (saw a painting too on a window glass), colorful figures of Jesus's disciples in a semicircle around the altar on the far end and a portrait of Pope John Paul II carved on stone (I believe he visited here); also with all the big-screen TVs mounted along the aisles, this you might call is a "modernized" cathedral. Be sure to go around to the back of the cathedral too where there's a white statue of Virgin Mary and where you can light up some candles (there's a little place for that like a glass cabinet).And nearby, there's a "pretty lively" outdoor market area (or a Shopping Street but not a "covered one" with a long roof like those of Japan) with "quite a few" mobile kiosks for delicious-looking food items among various other things, and that market area stretches pretty close to an exit of Myeong-dong Metro Station (with more shops underground as is usually the case with pretty much all metro stations of Seoul - "nice & vibrant" sprawling underground spaces).Coming by subway, Myeong-dong Station (on Line 4) is where to get off followed by about a 10-minute walk north (with a few turns) to get to the bottom of the stairs leading to the Cathedral above. You might miss the nearby market area (as mentioned above) depending on the route you take, but if you missed it on your way to the Cathedral, be sure to "turn left" on your way out after going back down the stairs and that will be a pretty straight way to the market. Also, this same station is where you get off for N Seoul Tower although it's in the opposite direction as going to the Cathedral (to the south for the cable car taking you up Namsan Mountain to the Tower whereas it's to the north for the Cathedral).
Beautiful and peaceful
The weekend I was there, there was an indoor and outdoor weekend market. It was thronging with buyers and sellers and there was a steady stream of visitors. On another when I visited, the Cathedral was a calm, peaceful to just be.
Historical Catholic Church
I have been to this church many times since I was a kid. My mom would take me here for masses and let me buy cute Easter eggs. Since this place is so nostalgic, I still visit alone when I'm visiting Seoul and take pictures for my mom. I haven't been to the masses recently but this church is one of the oldest churches around and they just renovated it since the Pope was visiting. They also have souvenir shops so I often buy rosaries and bibles for my family. Whether or not you are religious, I would visit at least once. :)
Really don't get it. The again I am not religious.
It is not very spectacular or amazing compared to what you can find in Europe. So my opinion here is probably very biased. It is however impressive to a lot of churches in Korea. It is a niche crowed that would go and see it. 
Pilgrimage in Myeungdong
A beautiful gothic Catholic Cathedral of great significance. Pope Francis visited this place in 2014. There is an underground where martyrs are buried; also shopping, cafe and books. Interior is prayerfully silent with the awesome presence of the divine. Take a rest and visit this holy site. Seek blessings for a safe holiday. There is a beautiful gift shop with much korean handicraft and handmade rosaries. Opposite the cathedral is the YWCA and next to the cathedral is an awesome shop on level 2 serving great hot korean porridge.
SO BEAUTIFUL!
Admittedly, the cathedral itself isn't particularly spectacular especially if you've seen gothic cathedrals all over Europe. However, Myeongdong Cathedral is beautiful because it stands along in a sea of modern buildings and lights. It's also situation on top of a hill, and you have to climb these rock stairs to get there and from the bottom of the hill it just adds to the majestic-ness of the cathedral. I visited at night back in December and they had these gorgeous flower lights in the entire front lawn area. But as you're enjoying the using of this cathedral, do yourself a favor and turn around and see the view behind you. It's an amazing juxtaposition of old and new :)
Awesome Old century structure
This place is a must if you're already in Myeongdong Shopping district as this marvel old century structure will amaze you. Perfect ti visit at Nighttime due to many twinkling lights in the cathedral facade. Perfect for picture taking.
Beautiful and Peaceful
This centenary cathedral is a must-see attraction in Seoul. You can watch ceremony in Korean and English.
Grottos
Spotted a few grottos in the church. Big area with many sights to offer for local and tourists aside. 
Catholic church in the middle of shopping centers
How ironic that city or country's best Catholic church is right in the middle of the city, Seoul and right in the middle of the main shopping centers in the heart of Seoul. If you like visition churches or missions as I do, I'm sure you would visit this church of course besides the shopping area right in MyoungDong district. It's a haven for lots of events, spiritual & tragic as this country experienced throughout this century and in history. 
Beautiful spot
We ran in to the building when we were looking for food in Myeong-dong. They just finished and were distributing calendars for 2017, and there were LED roses when we were walking up the stairs. Great spot for taking pictures. I just peeked into the church where waiting in line for the calendar. The inside was quite normal, similar to other church you would find in Europe. Outside was prettier than the inside. 
Neat
Pretty inside- something that you should check out if you're in the area but not really worth a special trip. 
Myeong-dong Cathedral
- visited November 2016- around 40 minutes would be enough to visit the Cathedral- located right next to the shopping street of Myeongdong, so you can do shopping right after you visit the Cathedral- lots of good restaurants around too
beautiful
The cathedral design is really distinct compared with the high rises and other Korean buildings. From the outside, it looks like a traditional cathedral. Inside the stained glass is especially striking. We visited around Christmastime, and there were carolers on the plaza and white rose lights all around. It was so beautiful! It's very convenient to access if you're in the Myeongdong area. You can even attend mass here if you wish.
Beautiful
This cathedral seems to be hidden among the busy streets of Myeongdong and its surrounding buildings/malls. That does not mean that the cathedral is tiny because it is magnificently tall and regal. It's a great cathedral to visit while in Seoul.
Centrally Located Cathedral
Very rare you find a Cathedral in a central location. I mean just outside the cathedral is the Shopping street of Myeong-dong!!! Besides the structure of the cathedral, its intrinsic architecture, the open space and campus around, the well planned hall and dining area. Every single thing here is well thought out, well planned and well executed. This cathedral also has an underground restaurant in its campus which serves good Korean food, make sure you practice using chopsticks for having your meals.
Outstanding from the crowd of buildings around
We just stay in hotel near to the Cathedral, and Sami it every morning when we walked out after breakfast. But the dense and tall buildings might distract you from seeing the cathedral. Majority of passerby would just look out for shopping, and eating at Myeong - dong area.
Very Beautiful
The Xmas 2016 Decoration with white Led Roses are very beautiful match with the back scene of Myeongdong Catheral, Very crowded at night time
An oasis in busy Myeongdong
Easily accessible from busy Myeongdong, the Cathedral sits majestically on a hill and is a welcome oasis from the local shopping bustle.The grounds are beautifully maintained and there was a lovely Nativity scene outside when I visited. As my visit to Seoul was very brief I didn't have time to attend an English Sunday Mass but I believe they are held at 9am. The Cathedral isn't large when compared to other European Cathedrals but the lovely interior, with stained glass windows and vaulted ceilings, more than compensates and adds a sense of tranquility and space and light.When I visited it was quite busy but everybody was respectful and quiet and, for my short visit, it was a peaceful oasis for praying and gathering my thoughts before heading back to busy Myeongdong.
Very Beautiful Cathedral and Solemn
The Myeongdong Cathedral has a very nice facade and nice location. The church is very quiet and the mass is solemn. The door is always closed to keep the silence inside. For foreigners, it has English mass every Sunday at 9am. It's very near the Myeongdong Shopping area.
Magnificent!
Myeongdong Cathedral reminded me of the huge basilicas in Europe. It had the same arched high ceiling. The church was so quiet and the mass we attended was so solemn. While situated up a hill, there were elevators accessible from the street level. The church also had cafes, a bookstore and a gift shop where one can spend time after attending church services and buy some souvenirs. Appreciate also that they had a mass in English on a Sunday.
Very nice cathedral
Right in the center of Myeong dongIs this very nice church, not very big but has this something. The "flower" garden in front and around which is lighten in the evening is amazing and a magnet for selfies, so for picture taking visit at night.
a nice handy place to visit
Right in the middle of a very busy area - Myeongdong. Nice quite place in the city with a different design of architecture. Good for a short walk pass or rest. 
Peaceful and exotic.
I found striking the number of young worshipers on Friday at the evening mass. The cathedral, if small compared to what I am used to see, looked vibrant. The multicolored candle glass containers by the shrines looked very Christmassy. It is on a hilly location. 
The church
The way to the church can be tricky to find if you alight at the station and try to make your way here. The church is nice, and the environment around the main church is nicer. There are also nice cafes at the basement of the building
Korean Mass at Myeongdong Cathedral in Seoul, South Korea
We stopped here on our way back to our hotel. The mass was celebrated in Korean and we attended it quietly and afterwards we wandered around to take pictures. There are beautiful stained glass windows and a massive pipe organ on the second floor. The building is on a hilly part of the city and there are some steep flights of steps to get to it, but don't worry, there's also an elevator.
Peaceful place in the heart of Myedong
This is a really peaceful and quite place in the heart of Myedong. It is a great place to find some peace with the main shopping and tourist area.
Seoul’s Iconic & Magnificence Cathedral서울 명동성당
We read that this is a must-visit when one is in MyeongDong so we made a trip here on a Thursday evening. The Cathedral is very easy to find once you emerged from Myeongdong Station, a bit to the Northeast direction. You cannot miss this historical landmark that is located in a hilly portion (but you have to cross the flyover). There was no mass held when we reached about 5pm. One starts admiring the magnificence when we walked up the slope steps leading to the cathedral. The beautifully-architect Gothic design is the 1st parish Church of Korea and also a symbol of Korean Catholic Church.The building structure is awesome and exalt an air of solemnness. We walked within the vast premise; there are a few annexes each with its own splendor. Do spend time admiring the stained glass windows depicting stories of the Bible, there are also statures and Grotto of Our Lady of Lordes. .Quite unusually and unique that the Cathedral is nestled within the busiest and popular streets of Seoul - Myeongdonmg. I definitely recommend one to make a trip here, the birthplace for Korea’s catholic community.
Beautiful Cathedral
The Meong-dong Cathedral is a very unique construction, it attracts you by its arquitectural point of view and the surroundings area that matches and gives you a very relaxing feel
A quiet and solemn visit
Attended a mass and though I did not understand the language but I felt the solemnity and quietness. Korean Catholics showed their deep devotion. On time and not talking while inside the church.
Must see.
The cathredal is located on a hill in the Myeong-dong shopping district. The shopping district with it's (mostly well known) shops, coffee chain shops, restaurants and massage parlors is like any other district of this kind. The cathedral is the real USP and makes the place worth going there.
worth the visit
Very interesting to realize that in Korea exists a special University for women. Different than other places///
HOUSE OF GOD
For every travel i made, I make it sure that my first stop is a church, that is why we went to Myeongdong Catheral as our first agenda. I was not surprise on how beautiful it was because I heard a lot of good things about this church prior our travel, and yes, it was really beautiful! The ceiling was perfect, both interior and exterior area of the church. Also, the place was so solemn, perfect to be house of God.
Gorgeous church
Myeong-dong cathedral is the first parish church in korea & the first Catholic community was formed in 1784. Located in the heart of downtown seoul. You can take the line 4 and take off at myeongdong station, exit 6. 
Nice cathedral 
This is a nice cathedral to visit. There are a number of stairs to go up so be wary. The grounds and cathedral are well kept. Did not enter the cathedral itself but looked nice from outside. A worthwhile trip up the stairs if you can do it. 
a quiet place in Myeongdong
Although it is small but it is great to be here to start your day or after busy shopping.It is worth the visit.
Grandiose!
For a catholic like me, its so fulfilling to find a grand cathedral amidst the city center of Seoul. The Cathedral is awesome with its belfry tower imposing amidst the other buildings around. Since we visited Sept 8, a holy day for the Blessed Virgin Mary, I was so touched seeing school children attending the holy mass. I can say that I Belong - even when in a foreign country.
Sunday Worship
My first visit to Korea and I had not appreciated the popularity of Christianity. In every town and village can be seen a spire or tower topped with a cross. Here in Seoul the Cathedral is a simple gothic structure. The building itself is relatively small in size.I was fortunate to visit on Sunday morning when mass was being held and the place was packed. All very traditional, prayers and hymns accompanied by an impressive sounding pipe organ and choir located high above the west doorTo imagine that the site is only the Cathedral is a deception - there are many associated buildings including a large complex of restaurants and shops in what appears to be an "under croft"Visitor amenities and information are excellent
For Catholics
Easy to drop by and say a little prayer of thanks as it is in the center of town. Didn't get to attend a full Mass though, but the short visit and prayer did a lot of good.
lovely to see a cathedral in busy Myeongdong
we took a walk up the street and came upon this cathedral. there are some lovely marble statutes. There is a small store selling religious books and trinkets. Nice to have a bit of a look around. 
... It's a cathedral
The story behind it is really interesting but there isn't much to see. you can stop by if you're heading into myeongdong, but I wouldn't visit the area especially for this.
Go for the 9 am English mass
Being a Catholic I find churches when I visit to say mass. This was the start of Christianity in Korea and the church beautifully sits on a hill surrounded by the busiest streets of Seoul. The mass. beautifully presented but also showed a variation for Koreans. Though a small Cathedral, its historical significance can be truly felt and understood.
Cathedral
You don't expect to see such a nice, gothic-style cathedral in Myeongdong. It's kinda hidden for such a populated area.
A Holy place in a crowded shopping area
Unexpected there is such a beautiful holy cathedral in this popular shopping area. The building structure is awesome. It is so quiet and peaceful inside. I love to pay a visit here after do crazy shopping.
sacred refuge amidst shopping district
i've been here last dec. it has a nice exterior and interior, and comes with an elevator which i think can be used by those in a wheelchair.unfortunately i wasn't able to hear a mass when i was hear, so better check the website for details.
Place of worship
It is a grand Catholic cathedral in Seoul in the middle of the tourist area. It is interesting to know how Christianity is spread to the East. 
Lovely
Surprising to find this cathedral in the midst of the busiest shopping mecca of Seoul. The complex including the church is astonishing and the service we attended was packed. The architecture is inspiring. We totally enjoyed it.
A Catholic Cathedral right in the city centre
I lived near the Cathedral and actually I could see the Cathedral from my hotel. So I attended the Sunday Mass at Myeong-dong Cathedral. A beautiful Cathedral inside out. 
A Catholic Church at the middle of Shopping area
The Catholic Church is very easy to find as this is in Myeongdong Station. It is located in a hilly portion, so you would find it easily. Regular mass is held here both in English and Korean. After attending the mass you can go around shopping or dine at the restaurants around the church area. Be sure that you are in Church dress if you are attending the Mass.
Beautiful Cathedral
Worth a visit! And especially special since I'm a Catholic. Cathedral is big with a gift shop and there's another section of the building where it's air conditioned with cafes and all. 
Myeongdong Cathedral. 
Myeongdong Cathedral is a historical landmark. It is the Archdiocese of Seoul. It's a beautiful architectural of Gothic design. If you sit in the pew you will experience and sense the peace and the historical significance of the building. Mass is conducted on Sunday morning. It has several adjoining buildings around, however be wary of using the toilet at the adjoining building which has no male/female signage, so as to avoid any embarrassment. 
If you want a respite from the busy street of Seoul
Great and gigantic cathedral. Reminds me of Notre Dame in France. Quiet place to thank God for the good things in life and a respite from the busy city life.
Beautiful cathedral!
We went to Myeong-dong Cathedral in a raining day, it was very nice, beautiful inside and there was not so crowded, which is quite rare in Myeongdong area! A peaceful place. 
Interesting
The church caught my eye and thus I visited. YES if you have been to Europe then you have seen this kind of architecture before, but somehow the setting is still different. The feeling and the garden surrounding it doesn't seem like that from Europe and somehow has a distinctive Korean touch to it. To me it was an interesting visit as I didn't expect to see it and it was a place to watch the locals go about their daily lives. I highly recommend it to those who want to step out of Myeongdong shopping madness and enjoy a diverse side of Korea.
Beautiful cathedral 
The cathedral is beautiful and big. If going shopping in Myeong dong, it s worth to visit the cathedral. It s warm inside as there is no ac. Don't forget to look at the front door as it s different from others
Even dogs come to church here
We went to mass on Sunday. You will need to arrive early if you want a seat. There are a lot of visitors mostly people from South Korea that come to Seoul to shop or visit. I really enjoyed people watching here. The locals bring their dogs with them and stand right at the back entrance and listen to mass. There are area for worship for outside and j there is an area in the back where the children sit under the trees and have some activities. Also just down the hill there is the Myeong-dog street vendors and shops restaurants. We ended up shopping at the underground shops/emergency shelter for when North Korea starts any conflicts.
Impressive architecture
Went here for a quick look and was impressed by the architecture. Sadly, we did not have time to go in. The exterior makes for nice photos, however, and it is a stone's throw away from the shopping district of Myeongdong, so it is worth a short walk.
Peaceful
Although the surrounding is full of noise, it's right in the Myeongdong Shopping Street, but surprisingly peaceful when you come to it. Try to visit the basement floor, there's several interesting stores.
Surprised to see this
Myeondong is commercialized and packed so seeing the Cathedral to my left was a bit of a surprised since I didn't expect it there. Surrounded by a nice garden, it is a pretty red cathedral.
With European Influence
I love having the Sunday mass at Myeongdong Cathedral. The architecture is great and the ambience is solemn. Greatly recommended!
Beautiful
We went for the English service on Sunday morning. It was gorgeous. We met the Irish priest afterward and he told me my husband was my better half...first time we've heard that. Haha. 
Beautiful gem in the midst of Myeongdong
Surprised to find the cathedral in the midst of Myeongdong. It was a short walk from the hotel we stayed. Attended Sunday Mass in English. The choir sang hymns beautifully. Although it is not as grand as the cathedrals in Europe but it is still beautiful. The surrounding garden is beautiful and well maintained. Beautiful gem in the midst of busy Myeongdong!
Classically Elegant
This is quite a modern building in Cathedral terms, gothic in style and built in a very attractive red brick. Quite compact, but classically elegant with narrow nave, high, high vaulted ceilings and lovely stained glass windows. This is very much an active, working church, surrounded by Presbytery and Convent accommodation. Not overtly Catholic, reminded me of a smaller Salisbury or Ripon. Whilst visitors are welcome, and a concise leaflet is provided in multiple languages, people will be using the cathedral when you visit for quiet reflection and prayer, so a visit will be a muted experience. That said, it is a serenely beautiful building, infused with the Spirit and prayer. Well worth a visit. 
Unusual in the middle of Seoul
You are greeted on the sidewalks leading up to the cathedral by member of the church handing out holy water and holy cards and murmuring "God Bless You." Nice! There was a wedding going on there when we were there so we couldn't go up to the altar but it is a lovely church
Church in middle of shopping area 
Located in not far from our hotel, we were just had a walk around the area, and found the church.....many local just sitting in the area near the church....and tourist taking some pictures...nice 
Visit to Myeong-dong Cathedral
The Cathedral is very near at Green Residences where we stayed during our trip. The place around the Cathedral was very clean and spacious. It is really an appropriate place for meditation. I have not see the schedule for English mass
Sunday Mass at Myeongdong Cathedral
The Myeongdong Cathedral is tourist friendly cause it is within walking distance of so many hotels to think that Korea is not considered a catholic country. Just hope that they could add another English mass in the afternoon. The church is so nice.
Architectural gem in the middle of a modern shopping district
I dislike the Myeong-dong area as it is just an area filled with overpriced stores selling luxury goods and catering to wealthy Chinese customers with money to burn. However, this church and the nearby visitor's center make the district worth a quick tour. The church is one of the finest pieces of historical western architecture in Seoul. Compared to European churches, it is not amazing but it is the most beautiful church in Seoul. For people that love shopping, this place makes a convenient stop on the way to the stores in the area.
Jam packed.
I didn't realize there were a lot of Catholics in Seoul. The anticipated mass (6 and 7 pm) were packed.
no hint of asia
just a regular cathedral nothing special inside or out, i expected to see some asian influence but apart from the cast iron work on the main doors there's nothing at all...
the seventh church out of nine, I visited in Yubilee year 2016
when our program visiting Korea started from Seoul , there are five church were declared with the holy doors by Papa Fransesco, and I searched the next church with our destinations; the I found this cathedral , which was built the first church in 1784, then in 1892 this beautiful cathedral in gothic style was built.we spent 15 minutes with our pray and wondering the beauty of its altar , then we passing the holy door located on the right side of the church. it is surrounded by a beautiful garden and the back side is the white holy virgin Mary is waiting for you.underneath the garden is a multipurpose hall with nice cafes and restaurant , library and you may take rest within the air conditioned room there.as a Catholic I highly recommend to visit this Cathedral when you visit Seoul. thanks be to God that we had the chance to visit your beautiful house in Seoul.
Serenity amidst chaos
I attended the 9pm mass which was in Korean. I did not understand a single word but definitely felt the solemness of the ceremony. I appreciated the gesture of the priests at the end of the mass when they lined-up at the main entrance to bow and thank churchgoers while they were filing-out of the church.
Majestic Cathedral!!!
We attended the morning English mass on Sunday and the atmosphere was one that I would cherish. The cathedral carries the voice of the choir through the whole place and its amazing!!! For non-catholics, it is a nice place to visit as it is well-kept and there are loads of photo opportunities!!!
Sacred place in Myung-dong
Silent and sacred place in a crowded place, Myung-dong.But it is not only religous, open place for all peoples.I recommand if visit Myung-dong, 
beautiful
Beautifully stands in Myeongdong. A landmark of history and to witness how the missionaries contributed to the development of the city.
Nice visit
It is worthwhile to see Meyeong-dong Catholic Cathedral as it is apparently one the nicest catholic building in Korea. The flat screen TVs inside are just incredible for us European people.
Peaceful
Visited when in Myeongdong Area. It was holy week so many catholics prayed and meditated. Very peaceful area near Myeongdong Shopping Street
A beautiful sight!~
Historical building, and good for photography spot. It's ancient and it's beautiful. Right in the heart of Myeong-dong province.
A pretty place to visit
I was staying in Myeongdong area during my trip so I thought I would pay a visit, a pretty little place :) If you happened to be in the area I would recommend a little detour to come here.
Center of catholic belief in Korea
This cathedral is beautiful, very famous to travelers, and the center and heart of all catholic people in Korea. If you are catholic, don't miss the English mass on Sunday 9 am, and also never miss the basement where tomb of 3 martyrs and saints of early Korean catholic church is. Also good for a little walk around the cathedral and cultural complex named 1898 plaza. There were volunteers who gave out explanations to visitors in English, Chinese, and Japanese in weekends, but I'm not sure if they are still there.
An emblem of Catholic faith
I looked forward to visiting the cathedral for the reason that I wanted to attend the mass and witness how (South) Koreans also express their Catholic faith. Was able to attend the English mass and experienced the solemnity of it.
for Roman Catholics to start their tour right...
An amazing structure, so calm and a quiet place to meditate and talk to the Almighty God.. WHat a lovely place to visit and don't forget to take pictures..
Beautiful church in the old section of Seoul. 
English mass is at 9am on Sundays. We had an Irish priest for mass. He was very interesting. The church is not as ornate as European cathedrals. I wanted to stay and look around but it's back to back masses there and the next group of mass attendees were flowing in as we were finishing. Don't be put off if you see groups eyeing your pew for the 10am mass during the 9am's closing hymn. 
A mirage looming over Chungmuro
So thankful that the catholic cathedral was located within walking distance of our hotel, the TMark. Beautiful surroundings and even more beautiful church inside.
Lovely historical cathedral
The grounds of the cathedral are so serene and peaceful. It somehow begs the visitor to sit and reflect on one's life... Downhill is the modern 1898 myeongdong cathedral located at the basement level. I was there on a Sunday and had a good look at the local flea market. There are cafes, a bakery and a book shop too.
Beautiful & Symbolic Church
This cathedral though not as impressive with European standards has a lot of meaning for the start of the Catholic faith in Korea and it is clear that it is well loved. It is definitely worth a walk around. Also very close to combine with visit to the famous shopping street adjacent to it.
Immaculate Concepcion Church @ Myeongdong
Beautiful, imposing church structure. It has not changed since I first visited it in 2007. A must see! 
A must see in Myeongdong 
There was a flea market when we visited on a Saturday evening. The cathedral reminds us of the one in Sydney but this one is renovated with modern interior at the flea market area. Go to the flea market inside at the basement and you get to see more Korean home made products instead of the commercial ones at the streets. Benches outside is a great place just to relax after a long walk at Myeongdong street and enjoying the bell rang before the mass. 
Solemn and Beautiful
The place was so solemn inside and the architecture is so beautiful. it was quite a hike going up to the Cathedral but it was all worth it. We were so blessed to catch the English mass on a Sunday. 
Historical
One of the old churches in SeoulLot of restaurants and shops nearby.worth one visit for tourists.Nice place
peaceful place for worship
nice architecture and peaceful in the midst of the busy myeongdong. interesting to see korean painting of Jesus with people in Korean traditional clothings
Historical
Its a catholic church that was build few hundred years ago. Iconic architecture. There is English mass every sunday at 9 am. Must visited place when you are in Seoul, eventhough you are not a catholic.
Worth a visit to see this beautiful building
During our visit to Korea last year, I brought my mum to visit this cathedral as she was a catholic.. It was really beautiful and peaceful during the night..There are also shops @ the basement level of the cathedral... Overall this is a very nice place to take a break and relax while in Myeongdong...
Amazing Structure
I love this Cathedral. I remember seeing it at Korean Drama. Seeing it personally made me happy! It's a must visit place in Myeongdong area in Seoul.
Beautiful Cathedral
We claimed the many steps to the Cathedral. When we went inside there was a ceremony of the priests going on, so we sat and watched this. It was something that I had never seen before. The Cathedral is beautiful inside and very calm. 
Beautiful
We visited the Cathedral on Christmas Eve and it was amazingly peaceful and serene. There is a beautiful nativity as you walk up the steps. A wonderful place to visit for any Christian visiting Korea.
Good for people who loves architecture
As a person who loves design, I had a great time looking into the building. Very classic and quiet place. It was close to Myeong-dong street, so killing two birds with one stone! There's a little underground mall near this place, and that place was really nice as well
Historical And Grand
The cathedral is a must see in Seoul. It is majestic, gothic, and the root of Catholicism in Seoul. It gives testament to the fight for religious freedom. The grounds are beautiful and serene with grottos, candles, and spacious areas to walk. With that being said the mass itself was chaotic. The masses were every hour on the hour. That means people were coming and going for about 15 minutes at the beginning and 15 minutes at the end. It felt very businesslike and almost like an assembly line. But it's easy to find, has a mass in English (9 AM) and is beautiful.
Beautiful Inside and Out
It was so peaceful. You'll somehow forget that just below the cathedral stairs is the chaotic Myeongdong shopping streets. Worth visiting
Great Church
It was amazing that there's a really nice cathedral in Myeongdong.The church is accessible and its architecture is like those in Europe.
Good architectural Catholic church in shopping area
The church is at the Myeongdong shopping area and it is not hard to find. The architectural is similar with others Catholic Cathedral,but it is nice place to see while you are spend your time at Myeongdong. 
Beautiful church
After shopping at myeongdong , can take time to visit this cathedral church with near myeongdong shopping street. 
Beautiful cathedral in Myeongdong
I wanted to visit this Cathedral especially because it is in Asia. In Asia, you will visit religious sites and it will be Buddhist Temples. I am not Catholic but I still like to visit Holy Sites. It’s kind of odd to be placed next to a section in town where there is nothing but shopping but it would be a little more awkward say if it was in Hongdae where there are mostly bars. In any case, it is very easy to find as you continue walking straight as you get out exit 9, walk 5 minutes and you’re there. We went at night and I was thinking of just taking photos of the beautiful building at night but to my surprise it was open for Mass. I looked inside and stood in the back and took a couple of pics. I’ve seen nicer churches but this one was still special in its own way and I was glad to witness mass there.
Must visit for Catholics.
I got lost while walking around Myeongdong and somehow found myself at the Myeongdong Cathedral. I take that as a blessing in disguise as I make it a point to visit churches whenever I travel. The Myeongdong Cathedral is a big and quiet cathedral located at the far end of the shopping district. It's right across the Cath Kidston shop, in case you plan to visit and attend mass.
A place to stay out of Myeongdong noise
Even Im not Christian, I still want to come in here everytime I visit Myeongdong. Sit on a couch, inside or outside the church, at anytime of the day, will calm you down, especially for those hunger for shopping out around the area.
Nice Gothic Cathedral in Seoul.
Located at the end of the Meyongdong shopping area, I atttended Palm Sunday last March, where several ladies were there to give you some " leaves" to bring in and be blessed. They hold English Mass every Sunday at 9 a.m. and have english readings and hymns book. I saw the ladies are still wearing their shawl or scarf on their heads...very solemn and respectful traditional... The ladies of the Chorus were singing beautifully! Lovely, adorable Mass! 
If your a catholic you need to spend some time here
This is a beautiful catholic church at the other end of the myeondong shopping district. Its design is a bit western and has no kneeling pews when you kneel. Still a solemn place for prayer and thanksgiving.
very warm on winter
Everytime we travel, we make sure to visit a church or a cathedral. This cathedral is big, quiet, with good architecture. On the underground you can find souvenir shops, coffee shop, and restaurant. We bought some rosary as a souvenir.
Beautiful Cathedral
Attended the English mass on 2 Sundays when I was in Seoul. Though not as impressive as the ones you find in Europe, this is one noteworthy cathedral to visit in Asia.
Beautiful and calming cathedral in Myeongdong
It's a huge and beautiful cathedral located at the heart of Myeongdong district. It is made out of bricks and it has a wide space which I bet a lot of people could fit in with their families to attend the mass. It's a must visit of you are a Catholic person, well, any person with different religion is welcome anyway! 
Historic cathedral
The cathedral was a key location in the political protests of the 70s and 80s, and remains key of course for Roman Catholics in Korea. The plaza was recently renovated. The cathedral itself is no particular work of art, but is worth a stroll through the plaza, and a peaceful respectful visit inside. 
Total waste of time, can't believe it is in the top....
For me it is an utter waste of both time and my eyes. Growing up in Europe tou can see beautiful architecture evereywhere. This is not the case for this chuch. I would rather look at the street food stands. Sure it is quite big but everything about it just oozes "Meh". Unless you are believer and happen to be in the neighborhood with time to spare, there's nothing for you here. 
Beautiful church
There is an underground shopping too. Clever use of space to generate revenue. Nice quiet place to rest and contemplate, away from bustle of myeongdong. 
Nice architecture
Located a bit further off from Myeongdong shopping street and uphill, the cathedral look grand from below. The interior were those of roman/european church. 
Not interesting to see 
They could have done more out of the historic side of the church so people can understand it's influence for the Korean catholic believers. It's a bit random and if you are European or have visited some major cathedral is this place going to be disappointing 
Myeongdong Cathedral
It was saturday and we went to myeongdong coz our DMZ tour got cancelled. We stumbled upon a cathedral in myeongdong. We attended the mass and they handed out calendars and sweet potato snack after the mass. 
Meh
If you love history, you have to go there. If not, you can pass. It is important in history but not the best place in Seoul.
Just wow...
It's raining and very cold when we went there. I only saw this on Koreanovela and made a promise to myself that I will go there one time. And dreams do come true! Thanks to Park Shin Hye :)
Beautiful Church, Lovely grotto
It was my family's 2nd trip to Seoul. As usual, we will attend the Sunday 9 am Mass, which is in English. I like the Gothic architecture and the Nativity crib placed below the altar at Christmas. The "Door of Mercy" is at the left side of the Church ( when facing the altar). There is a very big and peaceful grotto at the back of the Church. It's a very nice and quiet place to pray. My wife and I went to the Church cafe and had a simple hot noodle dish ..... It was one of the best noodle dish we had during our trip, for just 2,000 won ! The coffee was superb.
Beautiful Church
Attended 9am English Mass at this beautiful church. Very orderly managed by the wardens when it comes to gift offerings and communion. Has a large piety store on site that carries a huge variety of religious gifts. A must go for all Catholics.
Great place 
Visited this place during the night time and stay there for an hour to enjoy the view. Very Christmas feel and you can snap some great shot here. 
Gothic architecture
It is a cathedral that still offers prayers services daily situated at the edge of myeongdong. There were choirs singing out side the church the Sunday I was there.
A simple yet elegant Cathedral
Sitting on a slight hill above the bustling streets of Myeong-dong in central Seoul, shoppers paradise, sits the local Catholic Cathedral.I wandered up the Hill and inside to look around.The Christmas Nativity Scene was outside in the forecourt, very popular with locals and children.I did not walk around as a young couple were tying the knot.The architecture is modern and compared to European cathedrals, very restrained.Still, there was a peace inside away from the teeming city noise,Worth a look to reflect the Catholic Christian population in Korean about a third of the total people.
Family outing.
They have masses every hour so if you miss one you don't have to worry about going and they have a math and English Chinese and then the rest are in Korean.
Quite okay
The cathedral is quite impressive in its size and location. But you won't miss anything if you don't have time to go see this one. 
Very Nice Architecture
Probably one of the oldest church in the country. The church is beautifully preserved esp the pipe organ that greets the tourists and devotees alike. The interior is as beautiful as the exterior. One can spend some quiet time inside while admiring its beauty.
Myeongdong Cathedral - Rare example of Gothic Revival architecture in Asia
The Myeongdong Cathedral is an active Roman Catholic church and seat of the Archbisop of Seoul. The cathedral as between 1892-1898 and is dedicated to Our Lady of the Immaculate Conception. Interestingly, Myeongdong Cathedral is the first church built of bricks in Korea. It is a rare example of Gothic style architecture in Asia. Here you'll find expected narrow nave with high vaulted ceiling and window seals. The interior features attractive stained glass windows, paintings on both sides of the nave near the front of the church as well as images of the disciplines behind the altar. The exterior of the building is a subtle design of various brick material, providing a simple and humble appearance, different to more ornate cathedrals you may have visited in Europe. There are religious sculpture figures in front of the church that you might want to see as well. In the end, Myeongdong Cathedral is a good attraction to see in Seoul. It is out of place in the busy, lively Myeongdong district but makes for a good break from the lights, shops and dining of this area neighbourhood. Note: Myeongdong Cathedral is open daily for visitations, you can also find the mass schedule available online.
A temple that have a important history
This is a catholic cathedral and it was a important symbol of Korean people fighting against the Dictatorship and in favor of Democracy in the 1970s, and 1980s. It is situated at the hearth of Myeong-dong. It is a place where you can find a serenity and to have some time for meditation.
A must visit even for non-Catholics
This cathedral, also known as The Cathedral Church of the Virgin Mary of the Immaculate Conception (1898) clearly represents the Catholicism of South Korea. Styled in Gothic Revival Architecture, its red and gray brick facade is actually atypical of its kind but more like a fusion with Korean style facade finish. The structure itself is quite outstanding (but not imposing) being built on a much higher ground than the rest of its adjoining structures. The grounds are well maintained and kept spotlessly "immaculate" despite the throngs of tourists that flock the area. The interior is equally magnificent with its high vaulted ceilings, pointed arches and stained glass windows. I missed attending the English mass but heard the Korean version just the same. It was quite solemn and very organized. I got to roam around the grounds afterwards and was impressed by how they incorporated the nearby structures to the style of the cathedral so everything blended together very well. The street where this is located comes alive especially during weekends so one can visit the shops and try the various street food that ply the alleyways. This is a great post-mass activity. Truly a great experience.
Serene oasis in the heart of the shopping haven
Found this to be the perfect place for some serenity after some mad shopping. It has beautiful grounds that lend itself to some quiet meditation. The church itself is beautiful and is an excellent place for prayer.
Beautiful cathedral
The cathedral is very beautiful and is doesn't feel any Asian at all! I went in to the cathedral with a friend, because we wanted to see the inside of the building. It was very interesting and nice to see it and the people was very friendly. We sat down and watched some of the service. We also saw some nuns outside and inside the cathedral. The cathedral is located very close to the big shopping streets, and there's also a lot of restaurants in the area.
Serenity
peaceful and quiet. if you find yourself caught up with the busy streets in myeong dong, this is the perfect place for you to relax and pray for the opportunity having travelled seoul. :)
Average , it's another cathedral
If you have been to Europe , then don't bother there is really nothing much to see. Just very peaceful and the area is small.Not much write up as well.
Clam
Nice place to visit. Clam. You can get inside without entrance fee.Please keep quiet because it has Christians come here to pray.
Virgin Mary of the Immaculate Conception, an interesting Gothic revival church.
It feels good to come into this beautiful church to experience a bit of "mindful relaxation". It is like an oasis.The crypt contains the relics of nine Korean Church martyrs bringing the memories of times when Christianity was severely persecuted in Korea. Pope Francis said a mass here last year. Twenty years prior Pope John Paul II reaffirmed the Blessed Virgin as the patroness of the Cathedral and the Republic of Korea. A very special place to say a prayer.
A very beautiful more than 100 years cathedral
The church was built in 1898 . The exterior was magnificent and the surrounding compound is huge and very clean. The interior stained glass windows is very beautiful and in the church is so solemnly silent peaceful.
Not a must see
The architecture is pretty average looking. There is nothing much here as well. You may like to pass-by but don't need to spend too much time here.
Understated
The outside of the cathedral does not adequately prepare you for the inside. If you are in Myeongdong then you should stop in for a visit.
Sundate
although it's quite too far from the subway or i just got confused by the direction in the map, probably one of the highlights of my short stint in Seoul when i attended a mass on a beautiful Sunday, it's a Korean mass, but it doesn't matter. it's a great place for worship, i am amazed on how they practice their worship, they are all quiet and focused 
Average
This church is situated in Myeongdong with plenty of steps leading up to the church. It contrasts with most churches you would see in Korea.
Nice place
Grand view of the cathedral and it sounding of the modern building. Quiet and well kept building make you feel the sincerity of the worshiper. Don't miss this when in Myeongdong, both morning and night view is beautiful. 
Average!
Located in Down Town and as it has many tourist attractions near by so if you visiting any of those you won’t miss the Cathedral.Hanok village the most popular is one of the nearby spot.Good for visiting!
Must Visit for Catholics
We attended sunday mass service at Myeongdong Cathderal. The church is situated in busy Myeongdong shopping district yet the mass was very solemn. The doors of church were kept close so you have to check inside to see if there is on going mass. We are lucky enough to attend mass in English.The church is very beautiful. 
Beautiful Cathedral
Very interesting tour. Located near great shopping area of Myeong-dong. A Korean friend took us for a visit, sharing her memories of her wedding that was held here many years ago. As luck would have it when we visited a wedding was just finishing and we were able to see the bride and groom in hanbok and traditional attire. Cathedral is very beautiful. 
A must stop for any visiting Catholic
Didn't get a chance to go inside, there was a funeral going on. It is a nice walk from our hotel - a must stop for any visiting Catholic.
Beautiful Cathedral
Myeong-dong Cathedral offers peace and tranquillity among the noise and buzz of Myeong-dong hyper-shopping district. There are 10 masses on sunday, with only the 9am mass in English.
Quite place
A quite place sitting down to admire the place which is very lovely. At the far end of Myeongdong shopping mall. 
Beautiful cathedral in heart of shopping paradise
One place I feel every catholic in Seoul should visit. This cathedral is located at the upper end of the myeong-dong shopping area. The staircase leading to the cathedral itself is beautiful, and one should take time climbing up to the cathedral. The cathedral is especially beautiful at night with many people, both locals and tourists. 
Okay church located near a busy shopping area
Though the cathedral itself is very samey and nothing too special compared to other cathedrals, the steeple is lit up nicely yet forebodingly at night, and the location next to the shopping district of Myeongdong and an underground area - which itself includes a pretty nice coffee place - is good. It was interesting to open up one of the books and read some of the song verses in Korean, though.
Peaceful
We actually forgot to visit the cathedral until the last day at night, but even at night this place was open. The building itself is beautiful but it is peaceful inside. If you are Christian, I highly suggest you visit.
A must see for any Catholic
I visited here twice and attended mass. If you are Catholic or not this place is absolutely beautiful.
Peaceful location in a busy area
Pleasant location and a nice cathedral. Not as flash as some of the European ones but still a nice visit. The grotto has a Virgin Mary and the ability to light a candle also.
Hidden wonder
For full disclosure, I didn't actually enter the building but remained outside. The cathedral itself is very nice, of course not to the scale of Notre Dame de Paris or similar European Cathedrals. What's great about the Cathedral is where it is located. In front of it, a rencently built splanade, with a nice walk up to the cathedral, lightning and vegetation, allows for a better view of the Cathedral. And once you've reached the Cathedral, turn back and look up North to see a sea of modern buildings that contrast with the Cathedral. And look West to see the neon lights of the Myeongdong Shopping district.
nice and quiet place to pray
a nice and quiet place to pray for the catholic although located very near to the myeong dong shopping area.
Interesting landmark while in Myeongdong
Beautiful cathedral. If you head underground at the entrance to the grounds, there is a bit of a coffee shop/restaurant complex. Coming up onto the main grounds of the cathedral you can see the building and the other smaller buildings of the grounds. We didn't get a chance to go in as mass was being held when we visited but it is a great place to photograph and pamphlets in various languages provide some history and insight into this landmark.
Hidden Beauty
It is located in one of the busiest shopping areas of Seoul. It could easily be missed. Although it is located in a busy area, it is somewhat secluded as the street in front it is not the same busy shopping street. It's a lot calmer than the area within the shopping district. It's on the hill and climbing up the stairs is not hard work at all as it was that far and high. I find it rather beautiful. If you like architecture travelling I think it is one to be in the list. 
Beautiful solace amidst a busy shopping district
Myeong-dong is easily my most favorite spot in Seoul, and Myeong-dong Cathedral is the cherry on top of my cake. Personally, it came out as a sight to behold on the outside and a beautiful serene place on the inside. The mass celebration was straightforward and people were very disciplined and respectful. I'm really glad I came across this Cathedral. It was a wonderful surprise at the end of a stroll around Myeong-dong. :)
Just another cathedral
The cathedral didn't do much for us, it was just another palatial building constructed for the religious. Unfortunately this one doesn't have the jam of most European structures.
A Beautiful Cathedral in Seoul
One of the most beautiful cathedrals I have seen. Visiting this cathedral located at the heart of the busy Myeong-dong is a nice experience, especially if you want to relax and unwind for a bit after shopping at Myeong-dong
Next to Myeong-dong shopping district!
Busy shopping and need a pit stop? this cathedral is located just beside the Myeong-dong shopping with the castle style buildings in the horizon. Worth the stop for a nice photo shot!
Some ancient within modern.
It's right outside Myeongdong shopping district, or taxis its 8 mins / 3000 won ride. Nice inside structure. 
Peace and Faith in the heart of Seoul
After my first visiting to Seoul in 2004, it was my first time to step in the Cathedral area. The area was stunning with peaceful and worship by all faithfully Christian. Surrounding by fashion and business, you can find the peace in your life and make it slow as much as you want.
to crowded
visiting here at 4 PM, and there are really crowded. I realize that the church just in the middle of Myongdong shopping area. the buildings was amazing and it must visit place. if you're Catholic, you can pray at St Mary or inside the church. I buy some braclete from wood at the shop, and many things to buy for a gift.
Wonderful to see the nuns
The brief history notes it was built on top of the hill so it was easily seen 100 years ago. Now it's more blocked by buildings, but our guidebook and human visitor guides posted at the street entrance of the nearby shopping district point the way easily. Great gothic architecture and appears well-maintained. So many nuns walking all about as well! There are at least two bookstores nearby. If you go in the summertime walk down the uneven steps through the garden and see the butterflies. Very peaceful place to visit. 
Beautiful
We visited at night and the church looks stunning. Built with bricks and high walls, the lights at night made it more spectacular. It was quiet and peaceful and it was a nice place to sit and simply stare at its beauty.
Spectacular Architecture!
I can't even begin the describe the beauty of this cathedral. Not too far away from Dr. Fish Cafe (where we got our fish pedicure), even if you aren't religious you'll appreciate seeing other culture embrace different religions. 
Cathedral experience in modern Seoul
It was a challenge to find because the people we asked were not exactly church-going ones. Of course we understood - South Korea is not a Catholic country making catholic churches a challenge to find.So it was super awesome when we finally found it! A score or so steps up a small hill was this Gothic church that reminded me so much of others just like it in Italy (the Duomo readily came to mind).Being a Sunday, the church was almost full so we decided to head outside first and wait for the mass to finish - we didn't want to disturb worshippers as we took photos. Good idea because at the back of the church there was a garden and a huge statue of the Virgin Mary (of Lourdes). We prayed as we lighted multi-colored candles (available for around 100 won). It was nice to take photos of the church structure and the grounds that we almost forgot we still had to go back inside the church.Once inside, we marvelled at the vaulted ceilings and rose windows that reminded me of "Pillars of the Earth" book of Echart Tolle - building a cathedral takes so much time and effort that I was mighty glad there were men and women in the middle ages (especially) who had so much passion and perseverance to surmount adversity (and drama) to make them a reality for future generations to marvel at.Unlike most churches, the cathedral closes its doors at around 7 in the evening (I think). So we had to hurry to the souvenir shop - there we stayed for a lot longer than we planned because there were just too many interesting stuff to buy.We headed back to our hotel with a happy experience (and bags of purchases). But first, we needed to find a resto serving fried rice dishes (we missed eating fried rice so much we were ready to walk until midnight trying to find one!). Fortunately, there was one rice resto right in front of the cathedral! Praying definitely helped!
Palm sunday at the cathedral
English mass was at 9 to 10 am . We were late so we attended the 10 am korean mass. They give out palms outside the church. In my country we have to pay for the palm. Some women wear veils and hanbok dress. In my country you rarely see women wearing veils. I admire the koreans with regards to their discipline during the offertory and the communion rites.To get to the cathedral get off myeongdong subway station exit 8 turn left at the first street just a few meters from the exit. You will pass by 2 narrow street.Along the way are lots of skin and cosmetic shops. The third and widest street turn right was where the cathedral was located.
Enchanted 
I was accidentally passed by this church. I saw a lot of people went in during the evening. It's really beautiful especially with the light of the dawn on top of the church. From what korean friend told me is they are not happy with the tourists trying to take a picture inside while they are chanting. So privacy check first before you take any pictures and BTW Sunday is really crowded you should avoid that. 
Very nice, try not to go on a Sunday, to many people
I was there on a Sunday and it was packed to the limit, but I still got a good look inside and was there for 20 min, not so easy to find it's and the end of the Myeong-dong shopping street, but a very beautiful cathedral.
Beautiful church & grounds
The cathedral grounds is lovely. Inside is beautiful with arched high ceilings. Don't forget to go behind the church & donate W1000 into a metal box & light a candle. 
Peaceful Place in Bustling area
The cathedral itself located opposite on Myeongdong 11 gil (You can take right turn from Myeongdong 10 gil also if you come from station).The church itself in Gothic style; Tall high rooftop and ceiling; coloful stainglass windows; quiet echo hall with bible book provided for christian believer to visit.
Majestic - English Mass Sundays at 0900
I stayed at a hotel a block away and I was fortunate to attend mass here. It's a majestic, awe inspiring church - the way a church should be. There is also a gift shop where you can purchase reasonably priced souvenirs. (As a side note, don't buy souvenirs at the airport as they are expensive. The airport charges 15 dollars for fan. At the church, they charge 7)
A majestic place
Attended Mass at 11am on Sunday during our visit. The Cathedral was full and more to our surprise, by mid-day as we were leaving it was full for the following service. We were told the other services held on Sunday were usually all full. Even more amazing was that each service was supported by its own choir and music unlike England where usually only one service has music of the standard we experienced in Seoul. The Cathedral itself is Gothic in style but built in brick which is interesting. The stained glass is well worth looking at during your visit. There are two ways to approach the building, You can walk around the road and walk up the steps. However if you find that a bit daunting, you can take the lift which is approached from round the side. This brings you out directly in front of the Cathedral entrance. We came this way having spotted a couple of nuns leaving the subway station and guessed they would know the way. As it was, since it was Sunday, we only had to follow them! (If you wish to attend Mass in English you need to be there at 9am)
Good location
Located on slope. Would considered in convenient place. Shops, shopping all near-by. Vast compound in the cathedral - several buildings. Love the sweet grotto. Attended the Sunday mass.
Majestic
It's a very majestic building with very high ceiling and tall stained glass windows of gothic architecture. The Cathedral stands on a hill and there're a few flights of steps to reach it at the top.We went there thrice; to attend a Korean Mass which was full to overflowing (so impressive); an English Christmas Mass at 0900 (which was not too crowded) and another Korean Mass on a Saturday evening (7 pm) with hymns sung in Latin. These Latin hymns were sung so beautifully that we were transported into heaven. Never have we heard such delightful singing before.(The toilet is located on the right side when you reach the top. There're signs to lead you.Myeongdong Cathedral is right in the midst of shops, easily to do shopping before or after attending Mass.)
Myeong-dong Cathedral
Nice place to take a look with a gothic style. Oldest Cathedral. Most of the mass timings are in korean. If you would like to go for the english mass, please approach someone for the timing (e.g Korean tourism board). It is normally on Sundays 9am. Went there for the Christmas mass and enjoyed it :DPlease do not miss the grotto just behind the main church building.
Love it
Amazing that it hides from busy world - Myeongdong. My family went there on Sunday, weather was wonderful though it was around zero degree. It was realised that a lot of TV shooting teams were there to have Christmas programs!
a taste of history in a shopping mecca
You will be happy to took time to explore this wonderful cathedral. We arrived while services were already taking place, but it was breathtakingly beautiful both day and night.
Where martyrs blood was shed.
This was the recommendation of Sophia, a new Catholic woman who converted when she was 36. She works for tourism industry and I asked her what to do in 12 hours around Seoul. She gave me really good advice and in the middle of all she mentioned this Cathedral. I took my travel partners here first as this was the main place I wanted to visit. We arrived after night Mass, but the organ pipe player was still there. Practicing or just enjoying such fine sound, we were delighted to hear good music while we were visiting. We had a small anecdote here when he
Holy, Spiritual, Peaceful
It was a peaceful, spiritually-filled visit. The quiet snow outside added to the enchanting feel of the place.
Don't be fooled by direction signage in subway station
We arrived at Myeongdong station and decided to take Exit 9 (which was indicated as the exit to the Cathedral). It was a big mistake because the route will bring you pass exit 10, up a slope along the main road and down before turning left to the shopping street then you'll notice the Cathedral. The easier way would be to take Exit 8 then walk through the shopping street.The Cathedral is beautiful and a nice contrast to the surroundings. There was a wedding ceremony during our visit so we didn't explore the interior much.
Cathedral in central Seoul
This is a nice cathedral. Perhaps it can not hold a candle to some of the great cathedrals in Europe, but when you take into account the stark contrast of the ultra dense population of Seoul, the modern buildings of an Asian metropolis, and the fact that Korea (even till this day) is not heavily Christian, the beauty and majestic nature of this structure really hits you. Additionally it is a little green space in the middle of the city!
Gothic Cathedral
It's a beautiful Gothic Catholic cathedral in the city center located in an elevated portion, hence, there are several flights of stairs going up.Beautiful large flower pots line up the center of the stairs. It's also beautifully illuminated at night.Going down towards the left is already the Myeongdong shopping street.
A graceful structure...
Right in the middle of Myeongdong area, this Cathedral and its adjacent convent dates back to the 19th century, and has coffee shops, souvenir stores just underneath the Cathedral. Inside the Cathedral the atmosphere is serene, and it is an easy sight to take it before you do shopping or have a meal in the area, which is in the centre of Seoul. It is not far from Insadong, just a few minutes taxi ride away, another nice area with characteristic shops and restaurants.
Serene and Beautiful
Place was small but still you could really feel calm and peaceful just going inside the premises. The glass panels were very elaborate and beautiful. Went there on a monday afternoon though so their was no mass during that time. We said our prayers and admired the serenity of the place.
Architectural Marvel
The church looks awesome from the outside and even better from in inside. 9am Sunday mass in English is great.
Sunday Service 
It's a gorgeous church build in the late 1800. The church is well-maintained with passional congregation. This location should be in the list for a Catholic as you'll want to experience the Sunday mass. 
quiet and peaceful
If you want a break from the Myeongdong shopping madness this is the place to go. It's a bit touristy but if you go inside everyone is quiet and respectful. Very easily reached from Myeongdong and it's a great site to see. It's small but has an interesting history and I thought the architecture was very pleasing. Definitely worth it just for the moment of peace and quiet.
Peaceful Church
I'm pretty impressed by the location of this church. it's surrounded with tons of shops and located on famous shopping area. I joined the Sunday Mass at 9 A.M, it's conducted with English language. it's very fast mass which was only 45 minutes. join the mass if you're Catholic.this church is very beautiful inside and outside, famous with their gothic architecture. the oldest Catholic church in Seoul. The church is open for public but please keep your voice so that it won't be disturb.
Huge hard to miss
It' a beautiful church in the middle of the ultra modern Myeongdong area of Seoul. You can go inside and sit and soak in the tradition even if mass is not going on. Be quiet and respectful as it is a house of worship. Not too many people inside so it's a nice respite and quiet spot to think and pray if you wish.
Beautiful old church in the heart of the city
This is a beautifully serene church with its architecture so well intact. It is the oldest Catholic cathedral in Seoul and if you visit on a Sunday, there is a mass conducted in English. It is located in the centre of Myeongdong and conveniently accessible via the train. The compound surrounding the church is also well-kept and houses quite a few beautifully preserved buildings. Attending the service in such a beautiful building was touching experience.
Take a quick look
It's the cathedral in Seoul so have a quick look while you're in Myeongdong. We went there on a Sunday so it was interesting to see how a mass is conducted in Seoul. 
beautiful!!!
When you come myeongdong, don't miss the night view at the Cathedral. Just go take a look you will see the beautiful sight. Since at myeongdong, why not take a look. Downside: Outside the Cathedral is under construction.
quiet time to reflect in the middle of the city
as a Catholic I like to be able to include church visits on my trip. it gives me an opportunity to get to know the place based on the religious aspect.The cathedral is on top of a small hill so there is a short walk. during our visit there was some construction outside for the expansion i think of some area in the church. so the facade was not so visible. it was very quiet inside the church and gives the opportunity to commune with God and reflect. its very close to the shopping district so its a very easy to incorporate with your other itineraries for the day.
Beautiful Cathedral right in busy Myeongdong
When we first got to Seoul, the first one on my list was to visit this Cathedral. When we went there there were a lot of construction going on so it was easy to locate. A wedding was taking place and the Cathedral was truly a romantic spot. The first thing we did before going around Seoul was to pray here and our trip was indeed so blessed and so memorable!
Worth a visit if you are around this area
The time when I was there in April 2013, there were still some constructions going on but the main cathedral is still intact. Lovely church with a history, its a picture worthy place to visit.Take a break from shopping and take a walk :)
Beautiful Cathedral in the middle of the city
Head east from Myeongdong is the Myeongdong Cathedral (enter through the Myeongdong-gil and up the hill). Lovely church, we arrived at night and the Cathedral looks stunning under the stars. My 3 year old son was so delighted to see the lovely deco on the trees beside the Cathedral, and he received a candy from the sister after the mass.
Right on the spot
Located at the heart of Myeondong, you would never expect a lovely church at the end of the busy myeondong district. Sunday would be the best time to visit, to see the faithful and attend mass of possible. Must see place while in Myeondong
Of historical more than of aesthetic interest
Note that the stairway leading from the busy shopping streets to the quiet cathedral is currently under reconstruction. The building is not exceptional in itself but has an interesting (though relatively short) history.
Tranquility in transition
We had the chance to visit this cathedral 5 years ago and it was magnificent with a long stairs going up with trees and rock garden between stairs and you will be greeted with outstretched arms of our Lord Jesus Christ but now, there will be a construction of where the stairways use to be.Tranquility will be lost, we hope it will be momentarily for the cathedral is something will always visit when in Korea
My Sunday retreat
I always enjoy attending sunday mass in this cathedral, the mass may not be in English but you get a spiritual journey worth remembering , as customs here are done differently. Great comound where you can take great pictures , be it in winter or fall. 
A Tranquil Place in the Hustle & Bustle of Myeongdong Area
Visited this place On 24 October 2013. I took about 1 hour for photo shoot with my family and explore this place then relax a bit. Worthed to go when around myeongdong shopping area. I wanted to go there due to korean drama: You're beautiful. This Cathedral is really a tranquil place in the middle of hustle and bustle of myeongdong area. One of my fave destination ( actually I really love going to South Korea cause every place was unique and all became my fave heheho ^^) I went there by bus no. 504 and stopped in namdaemun market then walked there. Asked some Koreans and they really helped a lot (show its picture If you could not speak Korean well) even an ajoushi lead half the way there. Korean really helpful and care to little children ( especially ajumma & ajoushi : old people) ^ ^ .
English Mass Sundays at 9
While looking for a Catholic English mass, I discovered the Myeongdong Cathedral had a 9AM Sunday English mass.I must say that the mass in Korea is very different from the States...There is certainly more fervor, devotion, and singing during the mass. Korean Catholics take their services very, very seriously. People are on time and there is NO talking before the mass. Thus, when you come into the church it is peaceful and quiet, enabling introspection and prayer.
Place of prayer and worship in Seoul!
Our trip in Korea was during a weekend so we looked for a church where we can celebrate the mass. Good thing the place where we stayed, Namsan Guest House, is just walking distance from the Myeongdong Cathedral.They have scheduled masses for foreigners, published in the church's website: http://www.mdsd.or.kr/english/sundaymass_view.asp?seq=318&bCat1=&t=&f=&bPage=1We went to the English mass on Sunday at 9am. We had a solemn mass. The church is beautiful and of course, we had picture taking after the mass :)Outside the church there are lots of beautiful bouquets of flowers sold. There's Coffee Bean near the church. The church is very near the Myeongdong Shopping street, so you can go shopping after praying.
Worthy to see
Since I love museum and old building, this place will be one of my favorite. Nearby with Myeong Dong shopping center.If u r a Catholic, u can attend the service at here too.If not, this place is still worthy to see.
Attended mass
Beautiful church. Attended the english mass on a Sunday. They do not have English hymn books or leaflets to show the proceedings, and I have to rely on my phone app. There is construction going on in front of the church, in case you think you miss it.
Nice place for pictures
The Myeongdong Cathedral is located in the heart of Myeongdong's shopping area, so it's really convenient if you want to pay it a visit. We didn't spend much time in here as our main objective was to take pictures of the buildings. Worth a visit if you want to take pictures of their constructions.
Peaceful in a bustling area
In fact we went to this church due to rain but we were very happy the place is very nice and calm. Library has some souvenirs for sale (little expensive) very nice place to stay in calm for a while. This has a free wifi. Worth a visit.
don't miss it
I loved it much , don't miss its library where u could but some souvenirs , but it s not opening all days
Peaceful place
The place was very well kept and clean. Easy to get there as well. Very peaceful and quiet inside the church. The stained glass windows were so pretty!!
Tranquil place to visit
Worth a visit if you stay around myeongdong totally a chance of the busy n lively of the shopping area
a spiritual experience
finding and getting to the place was in itself an adventure, almost spiritual. working through alleys, trying korean delicacies and going past a collection of world currencies were among the things to enjoy.
Worth a quick visit
Anything to do with the Catholic religion is usually a huge turn-off for me. But I enjoyed my brief visit to the cathedral for its association with the human rights and democracy movements, the interesting brick construction, the views and the historical photographs showing the changes in the area since the late 19th century. 
Check this out at night, It's beautiful!
Great place to get away from the maddening crowd at Myeongdong. Look for the Guides in Red Jackets in Myeondong & they'll be able to point U in the right direction.
Nothing Special
Unfortunately there is nothing special about this cathedral. It is simply a relatively small catehdral located in one of THE busiest streets in the country. 
Pleasant visit
Myeong-dong Cathedral is worth a visit if you're in Myeong-dong(and it's a rest from the busy and crowded streets). Didn't attend a mass, but it's nice to sit inside and appreciate the architecture and stained-glass. Although the construction outside is noisy and intrusive, the walls up separating the construction from the walkway up the hill have some pictures/history of the Cathedral, which I thought was pretty interesting to quickly glance at.
Just another cathedral
Nothing special. Just another cathedral and it is a small one. However, it is located in Myeongdong which is a busy hypermarket area so it is worth a visit.
Unbelievable Structure!
I love the Architecture!!! Really awesome... Prayed inside.. had mass inside... It was really a great experience.... A must for Catholics of all nations!!!
magnificient
took quite some time to locate the cathedral as the map seems confusing. but when we found the place, it's actually very accessible. didn't manage to go inside as it was already late. maybe next time we will try to attend a mass there. the church looks very nice and grand from the outside.
Peaceful place and easy to get to...
A very peaceful place inside. One thing I found to be quite interesting is in the pews, there are no kneelers. Very different than other Catholic churches in the States, for example. If I didn't have the time constraint, I would love to attend a Mass in this Cathedral. There's a gift shop nearby. Not very big, but they have Korean books, crucifixes, rosaries...Some of the merchandises, like rosaries, are something I've not seen anywhere else.
Wonderful walk around the Myeong Dong
It was a wonderful opportunity for the K-Supporters s to have a walk around in Myong Dong with the Korean Tourism Organization staff and the boss. It was fun with the lovely people of Korea and k-Supporter’s from around the world. This activity was planned and well organized. Everybody was full of energy and enthusiasm. Actually this activity was to introduce Korean Tourism Organization activities to the foriegners at Seoul and to attract their attention for all those festivals and performances. As the embassador of KTO i feel honored during this walk. It was full of cahrm.I felt a kind of interest from foreigners who we met in Myeong Dong. They were curious about the activity and showed much interest about the Korean Tourism Organization work. After the joyful walk we had a tasty Lunch. All together the K-Supporters were happy sharing their views, exchanging contacts and discussing the upcoming events. The most interesting part of this mission was the gifts and souvenir we received from KTO including 8 GB USB and much more. Overall the mission was a success full of charm, enjoyment and team work. Thanks to KTO for this wonderful opportunity.. : )
Beautiful Catholic Cathedral Church in Seoul
It's a beautiful church located in a shopping mecca.I've been to sunday mass at 4pm and it's in korean.It's so nice atmosphere and ambience at the church.You should visit if you are in myeong dong seoul.
Excellent and English, too
Very large impressive Cathedral. Nice old world style furnishings in the worship area and all the familiar songs, etc. You must go the the english languare service early on Sunday to be able to blend in with your singing.
If ou are the least bit Catholic
and I am a very lapsed Catholic. . . but when I am in Seoul sometimes with visitors, I come here. . . beautiful and historical and in the heart of downtown.
Dominating
I was surprised at the locale. It's right in Myeongdong, so if you're going for the shopping or for a drink with pals, get to the main drag of myeongdong and walk uphill about 3 minutes to the cathedral promenade. 
a place to pray, but not amazing as a tourist site.
the cathedral is small and unimpressive compared to European ones, but excellent for an East Asian one. however, Catholics take note: they appear to make their own stuff. my Immaculate Conception medal has lots of typos.
English Mass on Sundays at 9am
How to get there?Line 4: Myeong-dong Station Exit 9, 10; Line 2: Euljiro 1(il) ga Station Exit 5, 6; Euljiro 3 (sam) ga
More like a church
Myeong-dong Cathedral is the Church for Archdiocese of Seoul and was also the birthplace for the Roman Catholic Church community in Korea. It is located at one end of Myeongdong Street in Seoul. It looks quite impressive. Bishop Laurent Joseph Imbert, and priests Peter Simon and James; Pourthie Jean Antoine are buried here.Admission is free and services are held regularly.
A good place of history and for prayer
Stop by this attraction spot while you are visiting Myeongdong shopping street (preferably around noon). It offers a quiet environment for prayer and self-reflection.The cathedral holds its own history and there is free information leaflets explaining so.
Dissapointing
I came here to full time before heading back home and was disappointed. Although it's called a cathedral in Europe this would be classed as a big church. I didn't find it overly decorative or interesting, the shopping streets nearby offered more. Apparently it's one of the oldest buildings in Seoul as lots were destroyed during the war but I was expecting more to be honest. There are plenty of better things to do in Seoul. 
Beautiful
It is right at the doorstep of Myeongdong shopping district and it is very beautiful at night. The cathedral is glorious.
Historical church 
Within the myeongdong shopping district. They have 9am English mass. Going inside the church, you need to queue outside - very organize! The s church decor is stunning and adorable. The facade of the church is a good for photo ops. 
Quick glance
Some photo opportunities perhaps but can't compare to those in Europe. But since it's just around Myeongdong, we happen to come across it. It's not a place where we would deliberately make plans to see necessarily.
Nice Cathedral - important for Catholics in Korea
Was staying close by and chose to take a look. Didn't know anything about the history of Catholics in Korea so guess I was expecting a much older building. Nice interior and stained glass. Not overly impressive or old by European standards. Little guide books they have were good to read to understand the history of the Catholic Church in Korea and the role of this building. 
Combine with shopping street 
This is just off Myeongdong shopping street. Since that's a must visit place I guess this is too.Building in great condition. Nice architecture. Beautiful stained glass inside and pictures ARE available allowed. Worth checking out definitely 
Myeong-dong Cathedral Review
Located in a quite central location for Seoul visitors. Nice cathedral to visit regardless of being a believer or not. Worth visiting for sure.
English Mass on Sundays at 9am
How to get there?Line 4: Myeong-dong Station Exit 9, 10; Line 2: Euljiro 1(il) ga Station Exit 5, 6; Euljiro 3 (sam) ga
More like a church
Myeong-dong Cathedral is the Church for Archdiocese of Seoul and was also the birthplace for the Roman Catholic Church community in Korea. It is located at one end of Myeongdong Street in Seoul. It looks quite impressive. Bishop Laurent Joseph Imbert, and priests Peter Simon and James; Pourthie Jean Antoine are buried here.Admission is free and services are held regularly.
A good place of history and for prayer
Stop by this attraction spot while you are visiting Myeongdong shopping street (preferably around noon). It offers a quiet environment for prayer and self-reflection.The cathedral holds its own history and there is free information leaflets explaining so.
Dissapointing
I came here to full time before heading back home and was disappointed. Although it's called a cathedral in Europe this would be classed as a big church. I didn't find it overly decorative or interesting, the shopping streets nearby offered more. Apparently it's one of the oldest buildings in Seoul as lots were destroyed during the war but I was expecting more to be honest. There are plenty of better things to do in Seoul. 
Beautiful
It is right at the doorstep of Myeongdong shopping district and it is very beautiful at night. The cathedral is glorious.
Historical church 
Within the myeongdong shopping district. They have 9am English mass. Going inside the church, you need to queue outside - very organize! The s church decor is stunning and adorable. The facade of the church is a good for photo ops. 
Quick glance
Some photo opportunities perhaps but can't compare to those in Europe. But since it's just around Myeongdong, we happen to come across it. It's not a place where we would deliberately make plans to see necessarily.
Nice Cathedral - important for Catholics in Korea
Was staying close by and chose to take a look. Didn't know anything about the history of Catholics in Korea so guess I was expecting a much older building. Nice interior and stained glass. Not overly impressive or old by European standards. Little guide books they have were good to read to understand the history of the Catholic Church in Korea and the role of this building. 
Combine with shopping street 
This is just off Myeongdong shopping street. Since that's a must visit place I guess this is too.Building in great condition. Nice architecture. Beautiful stained glass inside and pictures ARE available allowed. Worth checking out definitely 
Myeong-dong Cathedral Review
Located in a quite central location for Seoul visitors. Nice cathedral to visit regardless of being a believer or not. Worth visiting for sure.
English Mass on Sundays at 9am
How to get there?Line 4: Myeong-dong Station Exit 9, 10; Line 2: Euljiro 1(il) ga Station Exit 5, 6; Euljiro 3 (sam) ga
More like a church
Myeong-dong Cathedral is the Church for Archdiocese of Seoul and was also the birthplace for the Roman Catholic Church community in Korea. It is located at one end of Myeongdong Street in Seoul. It looks quite impressive. Bishop Laurent Joseph Imbert, and priests Peter Simon and James; Pourthie Jean Antoine are buried here.Admission is free and services are held regularly.
A good place of history and for prayer
Stop by this attraction spot while you are visiting Myeongdong shopping street (preferably around noon). It offers a quiet environment for prayer and self-reflection.The cathedral holds its own history and there is free information leaflets explaining so.
Dissapointing
I came here to full time before heading back home and was disappointed. Although it's called a cathedral in Europe this would be classed as a big church. I didn't find it overly decorative or interesting, the shopping streets nearby offered more. Apparently it's one of the oldest buildings in Seoul as lots were destroyed during the war but I was expecting more to be honest. There are plenty of better things to do in Seoul. 
Beautiful
It is right at the doorstep of Myeongdong shopping district and it is very beautiful at night. The cathedral is glorious.
Historical church 
Within the myeongdong shopping district. They have 9am English mass. Going inside the church, you need to queue outside - very organize! The s church decor is stunning and adorable. The facade of the church is a good for photo ops. 
Quick glance
Some photo opportunities perhaps but can't compare to those in Europe. But since it's just around Myeongdong, we happen to come across it. It's not a place where we would deliberately make plans to see necessarily.
Nice Cathedral - important for Catholics in Korea
Was staying close by and chose to take a look. Didn't know anything about the history of Catholics in Korea so guess I was expecting a much older building. Nice interior and stained glass. Not overly impressive or old by European standards. Little guide books they have were good to read to understand the history of the Catholic Church in Korea and the role of this building. 
Combine with shopping street 
This is just off Myeongdong shopping street. Since that's a must visit place I guess this is too.Building in great condition. Nice architecture. Beautiful stained glass inside and pictures ARE available allowed. Worth checking out definitely 
Myeong-dong Cathedral Review
Located in a quite central location for Seoul visitors. Nice cathedral to visit regardless of being a believer or not. Worth visiting for sure.
English Mass on Sundays at 9am
How to get there?Line 4: Myeong-dong Station Exit 9, 10; Line 2: Euljiro 1(il) ga Station Exit 5, 6; Euljiro 3 (sam) ga
More like a church
Myeong-dong Cathedral is the Church for Archdiocese of Seoul and was also the birthplace for the Roman Catholic Church community in Korea. It is located at one end of Myeongdong Street in Seoul. It looks quite impressive. Bishop Laurent Joseph Imbert, and priests Peter Simon and James; Pourthie Jean Antoine are buried here.Admission is free and services are held regularly.
A good place of history and for prayer
Stop by this attraction spot while you are visiting Myeongdong shopping street (preferably around noon). It offers a quiet environment for prayer and self-reflection.The cathedral holds its own history and there is free information leaflets explaining so.
Dissapointing
I came here to full time before heading back home and was disappointed. Although it's called a cathedral in Europe this would be classed as a big church. I didn't find it overly decorative or interesting, the shopping streets nearby offered more. Apparently it's one of the oldest buildings in Seoul as lots were destroyed during the war but I was expecting more to be honest. There are plenty of better things to do in Seoul. 
Beautiful
It is right at the doorstep of Myeongdong shopping district and it is very beautiful at night. The cathedral is glorious.
Historical church 
Within the myeongdong shopping district. They have 9am English mass. Going inside the church, you need to queue outside - very organize! The s church decor is stunning and adorable. The facade of the church is a good for photo ops. 
Quick glance
Some photo opportunities perhaps but can't compare to those in Europe. But since it's just around Myeongdong, we happen to come across it. It's not a place where we would deliberately make plans to see necessarily.
Nice Cathedral - important for Catholics in Korea
Was staying close by and chose to take a look. Didn't know anything about the history of Catholics in Korea so guess I was expecting a much older building. Nice interior and stained glass. Not overly impressive or old by European standards. Little guide books they have were good to read to understand the history of the Catholic Church in Korea and the role of this building. 
Combine with shopping street 
This is just off Myeongdong shopping street. Since that's a must visit place I guess this is too.Building in great condition. Nice architecture. Beautiful stained glass inside and pictures ARE available allowed. Worth checking out definitely 
Myeong-dong Cathedral Review
Located in a quite central location for Seoul visitors. Nice cathedral to visit regardless of being a believer or not. Worth visiting for sure.
English Mass on Sundays at 9am
How to get there?Line 4: Myeong-dong Station Exit 9, 10; Line 2: Euljiro 1(il) ga Station Exit 5, 6; Euljiro 3 (sam) ga
More like a church
Myeong-dong Cathedral is the Church for Archdiocese of Seoul and was also the birthplace for the Roman Catholic Church community in Korea. It is located at one end of Myeongdong Street in Seoul. It looks quite impressive. Bishop Laurent Joseph Imbert, and priests Peter Simon and James; Pourthie Jean Antoine are buried here.Admission is free and services are held regularly.
A good place of history and for prayer
Stop by this attraction spot while you are visiting Myeongdong shopping street (preferably around noon). It offers a quiet environment for prayer and self-reflection.The cathedral holds its own history and there is free information leaflets explaining so.
Dissapointing
I came here to full time before heading back home and was disappointed. Although it's called a cathedral in Europe this would be classed as a big church. I didn't find it overly decorative or interesting, the shopping streets nearby offered more. Apparently it's one of the oldest buildings in Seoul as lots were destroyed during the war but I was expecting more to be honest. There are plenty of better things to do in Seoul. 
Beautiful
It is right at the doorstep of Myeongdong shopping district and it is very beautiful at night. The cathedral is glorious.
Historical church 
Within the myeongdong shopping district. They have 9am English mass. Going inside the church, you need to queue outside - very organize! The s church decor is stunning and adorable. The facade of the church is a good for photo ops. 
Quick glance
Some photo opportunities perhaps but can't compare to those in Europe. But since it's just around Myeongdong, we happen to come across it. It's not a place where we would deliberately make plans to see necessarily.
Nice Cathedral - important for Catholics in Korea
Was staying close by and chose to take a look. Didn't know anything about the history of Catholics in Korea so guess I was expecting a much older building. Nice interior and stained glass. Not overly impressive or old by European standards. Little guide books they have were good to read to understand the history of the Catholic Church in Korea and the role of this building. 
Combine with shopping street 
This is just off Myeongdong shopping street. Since that's a must visit place I guess this is too.Building in great condition. Nice architecture. Beautiful stained glass inside and pictures ARE available allowed. Worth checking out definitely 
Myeong-dong Cathedral Review
Located in a quite central location for Seoul visitors. Nice cathedral to visit regardless of being a believer or not. Worth visiting for sure.
English Mass on Sundays at 9am
How to get there?Line 4: Myeong-dong Station Exit 9, 10; Line 2: Euljiro 1(il) ga Station Exit 5, 6; Euljiro 3 (sam) ga
More like a church
Myeong-dong Cathedral is the Church for Archdiocese of Seoul and was also the birthplace for the Roman Catholic Church community in Korea. It is located at one end of Myeongdong Street in Seoul. It looks quite impressive. Bishop Laurent Joseph Imbert, and priests Peter Simon and James; Pourthie Jean Antoine are buried here.Admission is free and services are held regularly.
A good place of history and for prayer
Stop by this attraction spot while you are visiting Myeongdong shopping street (preferably around noon). It offers a quiet environment for prayer and self-reflection.The cathedral holds its own history and there is free information leaflets explaining so.
Dissapointing
I came here to full time before heading back home and was disappointed. Although it's called a cathedral in Europe this would be classed as a big church. I didn't find it overly decorative or interesting, the shopping streets nearby offered more. Apparently it's one of the oldest buildings in Seoul as lots were destroyed during the war but I was expecting more to be honest. There are plenty of better things to do in Seoul. 
Beautiful
It is right at the doorstep of Myeongdong shopping district and it is very beautiful at night. The cathedral is glorious.
Historical church 
Within the myeongdong shopping district. They have 9am English mass. Going inside the church, you need to queue outside - very organize! The s church decor is stunning and adorable. The facade of the church is a good for photo ops. 
Quick glance
Some photo opportunities perhaps but can't compare to those in Europe. But since it's just around Myeongdong, we happen to come across it. It's not a place where we would deliberately make plans to see necessarily.
Nice Cathedral - important for Catholics in Korea
Was staying close by and chose to take a look. Didn't know anything about the history of Catholics in Korea so guess I was expecting a much older building. Nice interior and stained glass. Not overly impressive or old by European standards. Little guide books they have were good to read to understand the history of the Catholic Church in Korea and the role of this building. 
Combine with shopping street 
This is just off Myeongdong shopping street. Since that's a must visit place I guess this is too.Building in great condition. Nice architecture. Beautiful stained glass inside and pictures ARE available allowed. Worth checking out definitely 
Myeong-dong Cathedral Review
Located in a quite central location for Seoul visitors. Nice cathedral to visit regardless of being a believer or not. Worth visiting for sure.
English Mass on Sundays at 9am
How to get there?Line 4: Myeong-dong Station Exit 9, 10; Line 2: Euljiro 1(il) ga Station Exit 5, 6; Euljiro 3 (sam) ga
More like a church
Myeong-dong Cathedral is the Church for Archdiocese of Seoul and was also the birthplace for the Roman Catholic Church community in Korea. It is located at one end of Myeongdong Street in Seoul. It looks quite impressive. Bishop Laurent Joseph Imbert, and priests Peter Simon and James; Pourthie Jean Antoine are buried here.Admission is free and services are held regularly.
A good place of history and for prayer
Stop by this attraction spot while you are visiting Myeongdong shopping street (preferably around noon). It offers a quiet environment for prayer and self-reflection.The cathedral holds its own history and there is free information leaflets explaining so.
Dissapointing
I came here to full time before heading back home and was disappointed. Although it's called a cathedral in Europe this would be classed as a big church. I didn't find it overly decorative or interesting, the shopping streets nearby offered more. Apparently it's one of the oldest buildings in Seoul as lots were destroyed during the war but I was expecting more to be honest. There are plenty of better things to do in Seoul. 
Beautiful
It is right at the doorstep of Myeongdong shopping district and it is very beautiful at night. The cathedral is glorious.
Historical church 
Within the myeongdong shopping district. They have 9am English mass. Going inside the church, you need to queue outside - very organize! The s church decor is stunning and adorable. The facade of the church is a good for photo ops. 
Quick glance
Some photo opportunities perhaps but can't compare to those in Europe. But since it's just around Myeongdong, we happen to come across it. It's not a place where we would deliberately make plans to see necessarily.
Nice Cathedral - important for Catholics in Korea
Was staying close by and chose to take a look. Didn't know anything about the history of Catholics in Korea so guess I was expecting a much older building. Nice interior and stained glass. Not overly impressive or old by European standards. Little guide books they have were good to read to understand the history of the Catholic Church in Korea and the role of this building. 
Combine with shopping street 
This is just off Myeongdong shopping street. Since that's a must visit place I guess this is too.Building in great condition. Nice architecture. Beautiful stained glass inside and pictures ARE available allowed. Worth checking out definitely 
Myeong-dong Cathedral Review
Located in a quite central location for Seoul visitors. Nice cathedral to visit regardless of being a believer or not. Worth visiting for sure.
English Mass on Sundays at 9am
How to get there?Line 4: Myeong-dong Station Exit 9, 10; Line 2: Euljiro 1(il) ga Station Exit 5, 6; Euljiro 3 (sam) ga
More like a church
Myeong-dong Cathedral is the Church for Archdiocese of Seoul and was also the birthplace for the Roman Catholic Church community in Korea. It is located at one end of Myeongdong Street in Seoul. It looks quite impressive. Bishop Laurent Joseph Imbert, and priests Peter Simon and James; Pourthie Jean Antoine are buried here.Admission is free and services are held regularly.
A good place of history and for prayer
Stop by this attraction spot while you are visiting Myeongdong shopping street (preferably around noon). It offers a quiet environment for prayer and self-reflection.The cathedral holds its own history and there is free information leaflets explaining so.
Dissapointing
I came here to full time before heading back home and was disappointed. Although it's called a cathedral in Europe this would be classed as a big church. I didn't find it overly decorative or interesting, the shopping streets nearby offered more. Apparently it's one of the oldest buildings in Seoul as lots were destroyed during the war but I was expecting more to be honest. There are plenty of better things to do in Seoul. 
Beautiful
It is right at the doorstep of Myeongdong shopping district and it is very beautiful at night. The cathedral is glorious.
Historical church 
Within the myeongdong shopping district. They have 9am English mass. Going inside the church, you need to queue outside - very organize! The s church decor is stunning and adorable. The facade of the church is a good for photo ops. 
Quick glance
Some photo opportunities perhaps but can't compare to those in Europe. But since it's just around Myeongdong, we happen to come across it. It's not a place where we would deliberately make plans to see necessarily.
Nice Cathedral - important for Catholics in Korea
Was staying close by and chose to take a look. Didn't know anything about the history of Catholics in Korea so guess I was expecting a much older building. Nice interior and stained glass. Not overly impressive or old by European standards. Little guide books they have were good to read to understand the history of the Catholic Church in Korea and the role of this building. 
Combine with shopping street 
This is just off Myeongdong shopping street. Since that's a must visit place I guess this is too.Building in great condition. Nice architecture. Beautiful stained glass inside and pictures ARE available allowed. Worth checking out definitely 
Myeong-dong Cathedral Review
Located in a quite central location for Seoul visitors. Nice cathedral to visit regardless of being a believer or not. Worth visiting for sure.
English Mass on Sundays at 9am
How to get there?Line 4: Myeong-dong Station Exit 9, 10; Line 2: Euljiro 1(il) ga Station Exit 5, 6; Euljiro 3 (sam) ga
More like a church
Myeong-dong Cathedral is the Church for Archdiocese of Seoul and was also the birthplace for the Roman Catholic Church community in Korea. It is located at one end of Myeongdong Street in Seoul. It looks quite impressive. Bishop Laurent Joseph Imbert, and priests Peter Simon and James; Pourthie Jean Antoine are buried here.Admission is free and services are held regularly.
A good place of history and for prayer
Stop by this attraction spot while you are visiting Myeongdong shopping street (preferably around noon). It offers a quiet environment for prayer and self-reflection.The cathedral holds its own history and there is free information leaflets explaining so.
Dissapointing
I came here to full time before heading back home and was disappointed. Although it's called a cathedral in Europe this would be classed as a big church. I didn't find it overly decorative or interesting, the shopping streets nearby offered more. Apparently it's one of the oldest buildings in Seoul as lots were destroyed during the war but I was expecting more to be honest. There are plenty of better things to do in Seoul. 
Beautiful
It is right at the doorstep of Myeongdong shopping district and it is very beautiful at night. The cathedral is glorious.
Historical church 
Within the myeongdong shopping district. They have 9am English mass. Going inside the church, you need to queue outside - very organize! The s church decor is stunning and adorable. The facade of the church is a good for photo ops. 
Quick glance
Some photo opportunities perhaps but can't compare to those in Europe. But since it's just around Myeongdong, we happen to come across it. It's not a place where we would deliberately make plans to see necessarily.
Nice Cathedral - important for Catholics in Korea
Was staying close by and chose to take a look. Didn't know anything about the history of Catholics in Korea so guess I was expecting a much older building. Nice interior and stained glass. Not overly impressive or old by European standards. Little guide books they have were good to read to understand the history of the Catholic Church in Korea and the role of this building. 
Combine with shopping street 
This is just off Myeongdong shopping street. Since that's a must visit place I guess this is too.Building in great condition. Nice architecture. Beautiful stained glass inside and pictures ARE available allowed. Worth checking out definitely 
Myeong-dong Cathedral Review
Located in a quite central location for Seoul visitors. Nice cathedral to visit regardless of being a believer or not. Worth visiting for sure.
English Mass on Sundays at 9am
How to get there?Line 4: Myeong-dong Station Exit 9, 10; Line 2: Euljiro 1(il) ga Station Exit 5, 6; Euljiro 3 (sam) ga
More like a church
Myeong-dong Cathedral is the Church for Archdiocese of Seoul and was also the birthplace for the Roman Catholic Church community in Korea. It is located at one end of Myeongdong Street in Seoul. It looks quite impressive. Bishop Laurent Joseph Imbert, and priests Peter Simon and James; Pourthie Jean Antoine are buried here.Admission is free and services are held regularly.
A good place of history and for prayer
Stop by this attraction spot while you are visiting Myeongdong shopping street (preferably around noon). It offers a quiet environment for prayer and self-reflection.The cathedral holds its own history and there is free information leaflets explaining so.
Dissapointing
I came here to full time before heading back home and was disappointed. Although it's called a cathedral in Europe this would be classed as a big church. I didn't find it overly decorative or interesting, the shopping streets nearby offered more. Apparently it's one of the oldest buildings in Seoul as lots were destroyed during the war but I was expecting more to be honest. There are plenty of better things to do in Seoul. 
Beautiful
It is right at the doorstep of Myeongdong shopping district and it is very beautiful at night. The cathedral is glorious.
Historical church 
Within the myeongdong shopping district. They have 9am English mass. Going inside the church, you need to queue outside - very organize! The s church decor is stunning and adorable. The facade of the church is a good for photo ops. 
Quick glance
Some photo opportunities perhaps but can't compare to those in Europe. But since it's just around Myeongdong, we happen to come across it. It's not a place where we would deliberately make plans to see necessarily.
Nice Cathedral - important for Catholics in Korea
Was staying close by and chose to take a look. Didn't know anything about the history of Catholics in Korea so guess I was expecting a much older building. Nice interior and stained glass. Not overly impressive or old by European standards. Little guide books they have were good to read to understand the history of the Catholic Church in Korea and the role of this building. 
Combine with shopping street 
This is just off Myeongdong shopping street. Since that's a must visit place I guess this is too.Building in great condition. Nice architecture. Beautiful stained glass inside and pictures ARE available allowed. Worth checking out definitely 
Myeong-dong Cathedral Review
Located in a quite central location for Seoul visitors. Nice cathedral to visit regardless of being a believer or not. Worth visiting for sure.
English Mass on Sundays at 9am
How to get there?Line 4: Myeong-dong Station Exit 9, 10; Line 2: Euljiro 1(il) ga Station Exit 5, 6; Euljiro 3 (sam) ga
More like a church
Myeong-dong Cathedral is the Church for Archdiocese of Seoul and was also the birthplace for the Roman Catholic Church community in Korea. It is located at one end of Myeongdong Street in Seoul. It looks quite impressive. Bishop Laurent Joseph Imbert, and priests Peter Simon and James; Pourthie Jean Antoine are buried here.Admission is free and services are held regularly.
A good place of history and for prayer
Stop by this attraction spot while you are visiting Myeongdong shopping street (preferably around noon). It offers a quiet environment for prayer and self-reflection.The cathedral holds its own history and there is free information leaflets explaining so.
Dissapointing
I came here to full time before heading back home and was disappointed. Although it's called a cathedral in Europe this would be classed as a big church. I didn't find it overly decorative or interesting, the shopping streets nearby offered more. Apparently it's one of the oldest buildings in Seoul as lots were destroyed during the war but I was expecting more to be honest. There are plenty of better things to do in Seoul. 
Beautiful
It is right at the doorstep of Myeongdong shopping district and it is very beautiful at night. The cathedral is glorious.
Historical church 
Within the myeongdong shopping district. They have 9am English mass. Going inside the church, you need to queue outside - very organize! The s church decor is stunning and adorable. The facade of the church is a good for photo ops. 
Quick glance
Some photo opportunities perhaps but can't compare to those in Europe. But since it's just around Myeongdong, we happen to come across it. It's not a place where we would deliberately make plans to see necessarily.
Nice Cathedral - important for Catholics in Korea
Was staying close by and chose to take a look. Didn't know anything about the history of Catholics in Korea so guess I was expecting a much older building. Nice interior and stained glass. Not overly impressive or old by European standards. Little guide books they have were good to read to understand the history of the Catholic Church in Korea and the role of this building. 
Combine with shopping street 
This is just off Myeongdong shopping street. Since that's a must visit place I guess this is too.Building in great condition. Nice architecture. Beautiful stained glass inside and pictures ARE available allowed. Worth checking out definitely 
Myeong-dong Cathedral Review
Located in a quite central location for Seoul visitors. Nice cathedral to visit regardless of being a believer or not. Worth visiting for sure.
English Mass on Sundays at 9am
How to get there?Line 4: Myeong-dong Station Exit 9, 10; Line 2: Euljiro 1(il) ga Station Exit 5, 6; Euljiro 3 (sam) ga
More like a church
Myeong-dong Cathedral is the Church for Archdiocese of Seoul and was also the birthplace for the Roman Catholic Church community in Korea. It is located at one end of Myeongdong Street in Seoul. It looks quite impressive. Bishop Laurent Joseph Imbert, and priests Peter Simon and James; Pourthie Jean Antoine are buried here.Admission is free and services are held regularly.
A good place of history and for prayer
Stop by this attraction spot while you are visiting Myeongdong shopping street (preferably around noon). It offers a quiet environment for prayer and self-reflection.The cathedral holds its own history and there is free information leaflets explaining so.
Dissapointing
I came here to full time before heading back home and was disappointed. Although it's called a cathedral in Europe this would be classed as a big church. I didn't find it overly decorative or interesting, the shopping streets nearby offered more. Apparently it's one of the oldest buildings in Seoul as lots were destroyed during the war but I was expecting more to be honest. There are plenty of better things to do in Seoul. 
Beautiful
It is right at the doorstep of Myeongdong shopping district and it is very beautiful at night. The cathedral is glorious.
Historical church 
Within the myeongdong shopping district. They have 9am English mass. Going inside the church, you need to queue outside - very organize! The s church decor is stunning and adorable. The facade of the church is a good for photo ops. 
Quick glance
Some photo opportunities perhaps but can't compare to those in Europe. But since it's just around Myeongdong, we happen to come across it. It's not a place where we would deliberately make plans to see necessarily.
Nice Cathedral - important for Catholics in Korea
Was staying close by and chose to take a look. Didn't know anything about the history of Catholics in Korea so guess I was expecting a much older building. Nice interior and stained glass. Not overly impressive or old by European standards. Little guide books they have were good to read to understand the history of the Catholic Church in Korea and the role of this building. 
Combine with shopping street 
This is just off Myeongdong shopping street. Since that's a must visit place I guess this is too.Building in great condition. Nice architecture. Beautiful stained glass inside and pictures ARE available allowed. Worth checking out definitely 
Myeong-dong Cathedral Review
Located in a quite central location for Seoul visitors. Nice cathedral to visit regardless of being a believer or not. Worth visiting for sure.
English Mass on Sundays at 9am
How to get there?Line 4: Myeong-dong Station Exit 9, 10; Line 2: Euljiro 1(il) ga Station Exit 5, 6; Euljiro 3 (sam) ga
More like a church
Myeong-dong Cathedral is the Church for Archdiocese of Seoul and was also the birthplace for the Roman Catholic Church community in Korea. It is located at one end of Myeongdong Street in Seoul. It looks quite impressive. Bishop Laurent Joseph Imbert, and priests Peter Simon and James; Pourthie Jean Antoine are buried here.Admission is free and services are held regularly.
A good place of history and for prayer
Stop by this attraction spot while you are visiting Myeongdong shopping street (preferably around noon). It offers a quiet environment for prayer and self-reflection.The cathedral holds its own history and there is free information leaflets explaining so.
Dissapointing
I came here to full time before heading back home and was disappointed. Although it's called a cathedral in Europe this would be classed as a big church. I didn't find it overly decorative or interesting, the shopping streets nearby offered more. Apparently it's one of the oldest buildings in Seoul as lots were destroyed during the war but I was expecting more to be honest. There are plenty of better things to do in Seoul. 
Beautiful
It is right at the doorstep of Myeongdong shopping district and it is very beautiful at night. The cathedral is glorious.
Historical church 
Within the myeongdong shopping district. They have 9am English mass. Going inside the church, you need to queue outside - very organize! The s church decor is stunning and adorable. The facade of the church is a good for photo ops. 
Quick glance
Some photo opportunities perhaps but can't compare to those in Europe. But since it's just around Myeongdong, we happen to come across it. It's not a place where we would deliberately make plans to see necessarily.
Nice Cathedral - important for Catholics in Korea
Was staying close by and chose to take a look. Didn't know anything about the history of Catholics in Korea so guess I was expecting a much older building. Nice interior and stained glass. Not overly impressive or old by European standards. Little guide books they have were good to read to understand the history of the Catholic Church in Korea and the role of this building. 
Combine with shopping street 
This is just off Myeongdong shopping street. Since that's a must visit place I guess this is too.Building in great condition. Nice architecture. Beautiful stained glass inside and pictures ARE available allowed. Worth checking out definitely 
Myeong-dong Cathedral Review
Located in a quite central location for Seoul visitors. Nice cathedral to visit regardless of being a believer or not. Worth visiting for sure.
English Mass on Sundays at 9am
How to get there?Line 4: Myeong-dong Station Exit 9, 10; Line 2: Euljiro 1(il) ga Station Exit 5, 6; Euljiro 3 (sam) ga
More like a church
Myeong-dong Cathedral is the Church for Archdiocese of Seoul and was also the birthplace for the Roman Catholic Church community in Korea. It is located at one end of Myeongdong Street in Seoul. It looks quite impressive. Bishop Laurent Joseph Imbert, and priests Peter Simon and James; Pourthie Jean Antoine are buried here.Admission is free and services are held regularly.
A good place of history and for prayer
Stop by this attraction spot while you are visiting Myeongdong shopping street (preferably around noon). It offers a quiet environment for prayer and self-reflection.The cathedral holds its own history and there is free information leaflets explaining so.
Dissapointing
I came here to full time before heading back home and was disappointed. Although it's called a cathedral in Europe this would be classed as a big church. I didn't find it overly decorative or interesting, the shopping streets nearby offered more. Apparently it's one of the oldest buildings in Seoul as lots were destroyed during the war but I was expecting more to be honest. There are plenty of better things to do in Seoul. 
Beautiful
It is right at the doorstep of Myeongdong shopping district and it is very beautiful at night. The cathedral is glorious.
Historical church 
Within the myeongdong shopping district. They have 9am English mass. Going inside the church, you need to queue outside - very organize! The s church decor is stunning and adorable. The facade of the church is a good for photo ops. 
Quick glance
Some photo opportunities perhaps but can't compare to those in Europe. But since it's just around Myeongdong, we happen to come across it. It's not a place where we would deliberately make plans to see necessarily.
Nice Cathedral - important for Catholics in Korea
Was staying close by and chose to take a look. Didn't know anything about the history of Catholics in Korea so guess I was expecting a much older building. Nice interior and stained glass. Not overly impressive or old by European standards. Little guide books they have were good to read to understand the history of the Catholic Church in Korea and the role of this building. 
Combine with shopping street 
This is just off Myeongdong shopping street. Since that's a must visit place I guess this is too.Building in great condition. Nice architecture. Beautiful stained glass inside and pictures ARE available allowed. Worth checking out definitely 
Myeong-dong Cathedral Review
Located in a quite central location for Seoul visitors. Nice cathedral to visit regardless of being a believer or not. Worth visiting for sure.
English Mass on Sundays at 9am
How to get there?Line 4: Myeong-dong Station Exit 9, 10; Line 2: Euljiro 1(il) ga Station Exit 5, 6; Euljiro 3 (sam) ga
More like a church
Myeong-dong Cathedral is the Church for Archdiocese of Seoul and was also the birthplace for the Roman Catholic Church community in Korea. It is located at one end of Myeongdong Street in Seoul. It looks quite impressive. Bishop Laurent Joseph Imbert, and priests Peter Simon and James; Pourthie Jean Antoine are buried here.Admission is free and services are held regularly.
A good place of history and for prayer
Stop by this attraction spot while you are visiting Myeongdong shopping street (preferably around noon). It offers a quiet environment for prayer and self-reflection.The cathedral holds its own history and there is free information leaflets explaining so.
Dissapointing
I came here to full time before heading back home and was disappointed. Although it's called a cathedral in Europe this would be classed as a big church. I didn't find it overly decorative or interesting, the shopping streets nearby offered more. Apparently it's one of the oldest buildings in Seoul as lots were destroyed during the war but I was expecting more to be honest. There are plenty of better things to do in Seoul. 
Beautiful
It is right at the doorstep of Myeongdong shopping district and it is very beautiful at night. The cathedral is glorious.
Historical church 
Within the myeongdong shopping district. They have 9am English mass. Going inside the church, you need to queue outside - very organize! The s church decor is stunning and adorable. The facade of the church is a good for photo ops. 
Quick glance
Some photo opportunities perhaps but can't compare to those in Europe. But since it's just around Myeongdong, we happen to come across it. It's not a place where we would deliberately make plans to see necessarily.
Nice Cathedral - important for Catholics in Korea
Was staying close by and chose to take a look. Didn't know anything about the history of Catholics in Korea so guess I was expecting a much older building. Nice interior and stained glass. Not overly impressive or old by European standards. Little guide books they have were good to read to understand the history of the Catholic Church in Korea and the role of this building. 
Combine with shopping street 
This is just off Myeongdong shopping street. Since that's a must visit place I guess this is too.Building in great condition. Nice architecture. Beautiful stained glass inside and pictures ARE available allowed. Worth checking out definitely 
Myeong-dong Cathedral Review
Located in a quite central location for Seoul visitors. Nice cathedral to visit regardless of being a believer or not. Worth visiting for sure.
English Mass on Sundays at 9am
How to get there?Line 4: Myeong-dong Station Exit 9, 10; Line 2: Euljiro 1(il) ga Station Exit 5, 6; Euljiro 3 (sam) ga
More like a church
Myeong-dong Cathedral is the Church for Archdiocese of Seoul and was also the birthplace for the Roman Catholic Church community in Korea. It is located at one end of Myeongdong Street in Seoul. It looks quite impressive. Bishop Laurent Joseph Imbert, and priests Peter Simon and James; Pourthie Jean Antoine are buried here.Admission is free and services are held regularly.
A good place of history and for prayer
Stop by this attraction spot while you are visiting Myeongdong shopping street (preferably around noon). It offers a quiet environment for prayer and self-reflection.The cathedral holds its own history and there is free information leaflets explaining so.
Dissapointing
I came here to full time before heading back home and was disappointed. Although it's called a cathedral in Europe this would be classed as a big church. I didn't find it overly decorative or interesting, the shopping streets nearby offered more. Apparently it's one of the oldest buildings in Seoul as lots were destroyed during the war but I was expecting more to be honest. There are plenty of better things to do in Seoul. 
Beautiful
It is right at the doorstep of Myeongdong shopping district and it is very beautiful at night. The cathedral is glorious.
Historical church 
Within the myeongdong shopping district. They have 9am English mass. Going inside the church, you need to queue outside - very organize! The s church decor is stunning and adorable. The facade of the church is a good for photo ops. 
Quick glance
Some photo opportunities perhaps but can't compare to those in Europe. But since it's just around Myeongdong, we happen to come across it. It's not a place where we would deliberately make plans to see necessarily.
Nice Cathedral - important for Catholics in Korea
Was staying close by and chose to take a look. Didn't know anything about the history of Catholics in Korea so guess I was expecting a much older building. Nice interior and stained glass. Not overly impressive or old by European standards. Little guide books they have were good to read to understand the history of the Catholic Church in Korea and the role of this building. 
Combine with shopping street 
This is just off Myeongdong shopping street. Since that's a must visit place I guess this is too.Building in great condition. Nice architecture. Beautiful stained glass inside and pictures ARE available allowed. Worth checking out definitely 
Myeong-dong Cathedral Review
Located in a quite central location for Seoul visitors. Nice cathedral to visit regardless of being a believer or not. Worth visiting for sure.
English Mass on Sundays at 9am
How to get there?Line 4: Myeong-dong Station Exit 9, 10; Line 2: Euljiro 1(il) ga Station Exit 5, 6; Euljiro 3 (sam) ga
More like a church
Myeong-dong Cathedral is the Church for Archdiocese of Seoul and was also the birthplace for the Roman Catholic Church community in Korea. It is located at one end of Myeongdong Street in Seoul. It looks quite impressive. Bishop Laurent Joseph Imbert, and priests Peter Simon and James; Pourthie Jean Antoine are buried here.Admission is free and services are held regularly.
A good place of history and for prayer
Stop by this attraction spot while you are visiting Myeongdong shopping street (preferably around noon). It offers a quiet environment for prayer and self-reflection.The cathedral holds its own history and there is free information leaflets explaining so.
Dissapointing
I came here to full time before heading back home and was disappointed. Although it's called a cathedral in Europe this would be classed as a big church. I didn't find it overly decorative or interesting, the shopping streets nearby offered more. Apparently it's one of the oldest buildings in Seoul as lots were destroyed during the war but I was expecting more to be honest. There are plenty of better things to do in Seoul. 
Beautiful
It is right at the doorstep of Myeongdong shopping district and it is very beautiful at night. The cathedral is glorious.
Historical church 
Within the myeongdong shopping district. They have 9am English mass. Going inside the church, you need to queue outside - very organize! The s church decor is stunning and adorable. The facade of the church is a good for photo ops. 
Quick glance
Some photo opportunities perhaps but can't compare to those in Europe. But since it's just around Myeongdong, we happen to come across it. It's not a place where we would deliberately make plans to see necessarily.
Nice Cathedral - important for Catholics in Korea
Was staying close by and chose to take a look. Didn't know anything about the history of Catholics in Korea so guess I was expecting a much older building. Nice interior and stained glass. Not overly impressive or old by European standards. Little guide books they have were good to read to understand the history of the Catholic Church in Korea and the role of this building. 
Combine with shopping street 
This is just off Myeongdong shopping street. Since that's a must visit place I guess this is too.Building in great condition. Nice architecture. Beautiful stained glass inside and pictures ARE available allowed. Worth checking out definitely 
Myeong-dong Cathedral Review
Located in a quite central location for Seoul visitors. Nice cathedral to visit regardless of being a believer or not. Worth visiting for sure.
English Mass on Sundays at 9am
How to get there?Line 4: Myeong-dong Station Exit 9, 10; Line 2: Euljiro 1(il) ga Station Exit 5, 6; Euljiro 3 (sam) ga
More like a church
Myeong-dong Cathedral is the Church for Archdiocese of Seoul and was also the birthplace for the Roman Catholic Church community in Korea. It is located at one end of Myeongdong Street in Seoul. It looks quite impressive. Bishop Laurent Joseph Imbert, and priests Peter Simon and James; Pourthie Jean Antoine are buried here.Admission is free and services are held regularly.
A good place of history and for prayer
Stop by this attraction spot while you are visiting Myeongdong shopping street (preferably around noon). It offers a quiet environment for prayer and self-reflection.The cathedral holds its own history and there is free information leaflets explaining so.
Dissapointing
I came here to full time before heading back home and was disappointed. Although it's called a cathedral in Europe this would be classed as a big church. I didn't find it overly decorative or interesting, the shopping streets nearby offered more. Apparently it's one of the oldest buildings in Seoul as lots were destroyed during the war but I was expecting more to be honest. There are plenty of better things to do in Seoul. 
Beautiful
It is right at the doorstep of Myeongdong shopping district and it is very beautiful at night. The cathedral is glorious.
Historical church 
Within the myeongdong shopping district. They have 9am English mass. Going inside the church, you need to queue outside - very organize! The s church decor is stunning and adorable. The facade of the church is a good for photo ops. 
Quick glance
Some photo opportunities perhaps but can't compare to those in Europe. But since it's just around Myeongdong, we happen to come across it. It's not a place where we would deliberately make plans to see necessarily.
Nice Cathedral - important for Catholics in Korea
Was staying close by and chose to take a look. Didn't know anything about the history of Catholics in Korea so guess I was expecting a much older building. Nice interior and stained glass. Not overly impressive or old by European standards. Little guide books they have were good to read to understand the history of the Catholic Church in Korea and the role of this building. 
Combine with shopping street 
This is just off Myeongdong shopping street. Since that's a must visit place I guess this is too.Building in great condition. Nice architecture. Beautiful stained glass inside and pictures ARE available allowed. Worth checking out definitely 
Myeong-dong Cathedral Review
Located in a quite central location for Seoul visitors. Nice cathedral to visit regardless of being a believer or not. Worth visiting for sure.
English Mass on Sundays at 9am
How to get there?Line 4: Myeong-dong Station Exit 9, 10; Line 2: Euljiro 1(il) ga Station Exit 5, 6; Euljiro 3 (sam) ga
More like a church
Myeong-dong Cathedral is the Church for Archdiocese of Seoul and was also the birthplace for the Roman Catholic Church community in Korea. It is located at one end of Myeongdong Street in Seoul. It looks quite impressive. Bishop Laurent Joseph Imbert, and priests Peter Simon and James; Pourthie Jean Antoine are buried here.Admission is free and services are held regularly.
A good place of history and for prayer
Stop by this attraction spot while you are visiting Myeongdong shopping street (preferably around noon). It offers a quiet environment for prayer and self-reflection.The cathedral holds its own history and there is free information leaflets explaining so.
Dissapointing
I came here to full time before heading back home and was disappointed. Although it's called a cathedral in Europe this would be classed as a big church. I didn't find it overly decorative or interesting, the shopping streets nearby offered more. Apparently it's one of the oldest buildings in Seoul as lots were destroyed during the war but I was expecting more to be honest. There are plenty of better things to do in Seoul. 
Beautiful
It is right at the doorstep of Myeongdong shopping district and it is very beautiful at night. The cathedral is glorious.
Historical church 
Within the myeongdong shopping district. They have 9am English mass. Going inside the church, you need to queue outside - very organize! The s church decor is stunning and adorable. The facade of the church is a good for photo ops. 
Quick glance
Some photo opportunities perhaps but can't compare to those in Europe. But since it's just around Myeongdong, we happen to come across it. It's not a place where we would deliberately make plans to see necessarily.
Nice Cathedral - important for Catholics in Korea
Was staying close by and chose to take a look. Didn't know anything about the history of Catholics in Korea so guess I was expecting a much older building. Nice interior and stained glass. Not overly impressive or old by European standards. Little guide books they have were good to read to understand the history of the Catholic Church in Korea and the role of this building. 
Combine with shopping street 
This is just off Myeongdong shopping street. Since that's a must visit place I guess this is too.Building in great condition. Nice architecture. Beautiful stained glass inside and pictures ARE available allowed. Worth checking out definitely 
Myeong-dong Cathedral Review
Located in a quite central location for Seoul visitors. Nice cathedral to visit regardless of being a believer or not. Worth visiting for sure.
English Mass on Sundays at 9am
How to get there?Line 4: Myeong-dong Station Exit 9, 10; Line 2: Euljiro 1(il) ga Station Exit 5, 6; Euljiro 3 (sam) ga
More like a church
Myeong-dong Cathedral is the Church for Archdiocese of Seoul and was also the birthplace for the Roman Catholic Church community in Korea. It is located at one end of Myeongdong Street in Seoul. It looks quite impressive. Bishop Laurent Joseph Imbert, and priests Peter Simon and James; Pourthie Jean Antoine are buried here.Admission is free and services are held regularly.
A good place of history and for prayer
Stop by this attraction spot while you are visiting Myeongdong shopping street (preferably around noon). It offers a quiet environment for prayer and self-reflection.The cathedral holds its own history and there is free information leaflets explaining so.
Dissapointing
I came here to full time before heading back home and was disappointed. Although it's called a cathedral in Europe this would be classed as a big church. I didn't find it overly decorative or interesting, the shopping streets nearby offered more. Apparently it's one of the oldest buildings in Seoul as lots were destroyed during the war but I was expecting more to be honest. There are plenty of better things to do in Seoul. 
Beautiful
It is right at the doorstep of Myeongdong shopping district and it is very beautiful at night. The cathedral is glorious.
Historical church 
Within the myeongdong shopping district. They have 9am English mass. Going inside the church, you need to queue outside - very organize! The s church decor is stunning and adorable. The facade of the church is a good for photo ops. 
Quick glance
Some photo opportunities perhaps but can't compare to those in Europe. But since it's just around Myeongdong, we happen to come across it. It's not a place where we would deliberately make plans to see necessarily.
Nice Cathedral - important for Catholics in Korea
Was staying close by and chose to take a look. Didn't know anything about the history of Catholics in Korea so guess I was expecting a much older building. Nice interior and stained glass. Not overly impressive or old by European standards. Little guide books they have were good to read to understand the history of the Catholic Church in Korea and the role of this building. 
Combine with shopping street 
This is just off Myeongdong shopping street. Since that's a must visit place I guess this is too.Building in great condition. Nice architecture. Beautiful stained glass inside and pictures ARE available allowed. Worth checking out definitely 
Myeong-dong Cathedral Review
Located in a quite central location for Seoul visitors. Nice cathedral to visit regardless of being a believer or not. Worth visiting for sure.
