Iconic Seoul monument
One of the touristy things that everyone should do. Take the cable car up near Myeongdong station, and you will get an amazing view of Seoul. Recommend going at night for beautiful nighttime viewing.
Dear visitors, read this!
Dear Diplomats,- You have a blue plate vehicle, feel free to drive up the tower and park your car below Starbucks, next to the Hanbok Experience shop.Dear Normal Visitors,There are two options for you to go up there:1. Take a guided tour bus2. Take a public bus- From inside Seoul area, usually, the public buses are Green and numbered 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5. They have other buses but I am not sure about the numbers.
Worth Visiting
At first I thought this would just be another tourist trap, but it turned out to be well worth visiting. I went during the autumn season though, so this could be the reason why it was so beautiful. All the trees had orange, yellow and red leaves making the little uphill walk to the tower such a beautiful experience. It felt serene to be surrounded by nature while in the city. Seeing the whole Seoul at the top of the tower viewing deck was also great. 
Very good place to see Seoul.
Went with my Brother and his wife and even though it was foggy that day, the view was still really nice. We walked up to the tower but there are also buses you can take. 
Best way to see the City
We visited the tower on a nice clear day and used the cable car to get up at about midday. It was rather busy and the tower itself is a little pricey from my view, so instead we just stayed around the base and the views even there are spectacular and make for some great pictures.You must 100% visit, mainly on a clear day.
Fantastic view
I would suggest walk up instead of taking cable cars. The mountain isn't high, you should be able to get there within half an hour. You can spend a couple of hours to circle around the whole mountain track. The view on the tower is just magnificent, suggest buying a cup of coffee in the artrium and sitting there for relaxation.
Nice view
One of the must visit place when you're in Seoul.. Can get a nice view of the city and you can leave your signature lock here 
Best for Nov Autumn Season
For those who were not able to visit on Oct, here's the place for you for Nov. Autumn leaves and trees are extravagant for autumn. For those who missed the big exchange of guards, you can also have it here. Plus photo opportunity with the guards.Double check for the exhibit at the top if it's worth the price.Skip the deck if it's already cloudy on the ground, chances are you'll never appreciate the horizon.
Meh...
After seeing the towers in Shanghai and Kuala Lumpur, the view is nice but underwelming. The tower is additionally not that high and the viewing deck is not that big. However, I do recommend visiting the toilets (as they also have the same nice view) and a bucket of caramel popcorn as you wait to go upstairs.
“magnificent view”
our hotel was very close to the cable car station yet we tried walking. its a long uphill walk and very tiring but its worth it because you get to see and enjoy the beautiful scenery along the way. and upon reaching the tower, you get to see the magnificent view of the city. 
Beautiful sunset and night view from the top
It is a nice place to spend the 2nd half of the day. There are restaurants, coffee shops, souvenir shops and lots of lookout points for photo taking. The sunset is amazing from the top and the night view is not too bad either. The sky toilet is an absolute must visit just for the fun of it. It is very couple-centric on the top, with various love locks locations, love-dovey photo spots targeting tourists and Seoulites going on dates.
Just okay...
Nice views from the top but that’s about it. We did come in the morning though so the views at night may be better. Tip: If you plan on visiting during the day, come early in the morning to avoid the long lines from the the cable car.
Great views of Seoul
Namsan Seoul Tower (or N Seoul Tower as it is commonly called) was built in 1969. It was the first tower tourist place in Korea. It was also Korea's first integrated transmission tower beaming television and radio broadcasts to Seoul. The tower opened to the public in 1980.The tower has a digital observatory and a roof terrace. The digital observatory gives you a 360 degree panoramic view of the city. I noted a few restaurants - the HanCook, the n.Grill restaurant, and the Haneul Restroom. The roof terrace is a great viewing area. It has many padlocks attached to the fence by couples to show their love for each other. These are the “Locks of Love”.The top of the tower is about 480 metres above sea level taking into consideration that Namsan Mountain on which the tower is based is 243 metres above sea level and the tower itself is about 237 metres. You take a free ride on a funicular from street level to the cable car station. At the cable car station. you need to buy a ticket here for a cable car trip to the tower complex. You can buy a single or return ticket to the tower. A return ticket costs 8,500 Won (equivalent to about GBP 6.00 – August 2017) When you get to the tower, you then need to buy a ticket for admission to the top of the tower – 10,000 Won – (equivalent to about GBP7.00 Aug 17). You can get a great view from the tower base and it is just as good as the view from the top of the tower. In the tower, the windows have the names of cities of the world and their distance from Seoul. The tower has some kiosks selling snacks.
Let your soul soar at the Seoul Tower!
This place is definitely a must see. We walked from Yongsan to the tower and had an extremely fun time. There are many sights, sounds, and tastes to experience along the way like Namsan park, the love locks, and many souvenir shops and restaurants. The real beauty, however, is the spectacular view of beloved Seoul from the tower. Take the trip, see the sights, feel the power of the tower! 
A must for first time visitor
You need to get to Namsan Park before purchasing a ticket (about AUD10) to the tower, you can either choose to hike up or get in a cable car. Once arrived, you need to purchase ticket to get up yo to the tower. Expect big crowd if go after 11am as this is a popular tourist spot for groups. 
Nice but long wait
Whenever you go to viewing spots it is short. You see the sight, you're done. We waited about 15 minutes for the elevator. We probably spent less time than that up top. We saw what we could see at night, took photos, then left. There were sooo many kids - maybe a class?
Breathtaking view
A must see for tourists - I go every year when I’m in the country and although the view is the same, it still takes my breath away.The nighttime view is so breathtaking and makes great photo opportunities.
Impressive view
Note that a entrance fee is charged to go to the top of the tower - about 10k. The walk to the tower is rather enjoyable and is a short intense hike from the entrance of the park.The tower itself is very commercial - but what made it interesting for me is the 250 view from the top of the tower. As a European, it takes this view to grasp the extend of the large expanse that represents Seoul; dense habitations, shops, and high-rises as far as the eye can see.Taking pictures here may not be very fruitful since you’re behind glass, but you’re in the open if you go down to the 4th floor.
AMAZING view and FRIENDLY staff
I would recommend visiting this place at night, not to late so shops are open when you go but late enough that you can see the lights. I would say I mostly saw couples at this place but even if your just with your friends, family or traveling by yourself it's still a must do. Bring your own lock or buy one there and set your mark.You can either take the cable car or the bus, transportation is pretty convenient and on a set schedule.
Beautiful overview of Seoul City
There are few ways going to the top. The most accessible to tourist either cable car which you have to pay or walking. During november, the autumn foliage is beautiful. at the top you can appreciate seoul city both during day and night trip. if the weather permits, the sunset is beautiful.
Padlocks and great views
We spent a lovely evening at the seoul tower area... firstly the cable car. From here you can get great views over the city alone. Bring a camera and tripod. Secondly head to a shop and buy a padlock. You will see where to put it. We then went up the tower and took in the great views of seoul. Afterwards we ate dinner at the buffet restaurant at the bottom of the tower. Highly reccomended
Nice and cool 
Nice to see from tower Seoul city. This is my first time in Seoul so i really enjoyed to see Seoul city from Tower .I recommend to visit this place. 
Nice walk up the tower
Did a walk up to the tower in the morning. Well lit up pathways. The steps are well constructed. Please carry water or fluid.Great city views.
Viewsss
The elevator ride is already worth it. It is just so cool to be in the heart of Seoul and to see the whole if the city surrounded by mountains. Make sure you have little sit at the toilet too, I know it sounds weird but just believe me on this one haha
Seoul Tower.
This impressive Tower literally does tower above the Seoul skyline. The easiest way to reach it is by taxi or take a tour, but the effort is well worth it. It is situated on the top of a hill with a fast winding road to arrive. The views are magnificent; across towards North Korea to the North, and across the whole city spread out to the South. Very impressive.
A quick glimpse of N Tower
The place is a perfect one to unwind and correlate with nature. This place with a view of the city lights in the evening and the wonderful trees and nature sight during daytime particularly during autumn which adds wonderful experience on your visit in this place. The love padlocks scattered around the place are good way of taking a look about lovers wishes and messages to each other. The N Tower is included to the tourist attractions when you get the Discover Seoul Pass.
Amazing view
The tower has to be visited during night hours to admire the beauty of the lighting. The lift has an OLED screen on the roof which displays the city and its buildings along with various land scape . By the time the film is over you reach on top. The view from the top is awesome. Binoculars are installed on top to see the city from various angle. You may have to drop 500 Won coin for activating it.
Namsan Seoul Tower
N Seoul Tower; YTN Seoul Tower or Namsan Tower is some of the names being called in this prestigious scenery and one of the most tourist spot in Seoul, South Korea. The tower is renowned as a national landmark, and for its cityscape and it sits on the Namsan Mountain and attracts thousands of tourists. It's a great venue for family with children, friends, couples and people who love nature to hangout.The Roof Terrace is a spacious wooden viewing deck whose exotic atmosphere makes it very popular with lovers. A recent attraction for courting couples is "Locks of Love," thousands of padlocks attached to the fence symbolizing their undying affection.Which is located in the second floor of N plaza.*Opens 10AM to 12AM *Round trip ticket for cable car (valid for 1 day): 8,500 won*Located at 04340 105, Namsangongwon-gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea (Yongsan-dong 2-ga, YTN Seoul Tower)
N Seoul Tower
This area is simply beautiful - especially at night. Plan to dress according to the season that you visit. It was a bit chilly when I was there at the end of October. Beautiful city views! Very romantic (especially at night). Be prepared to wait to go up to the top of the Tower; however, the view is worth it!
Awesome
We did not go for the observatory deck as the sights are already worth it. Take 2 wat cable as hike is too much activity even for a semi fit person (in my opinion).
Great View, Big Cable Car - Commercialisted Shops
What a great view of Seoul. I love a Pagola next to the tower and pleasant walk to bus stops. Do not miss a kind of Korean traditional army ceremony held there (check the time before you go). Cable car ride was okay but can be very crowded. There are many restaurants and cafes around and inisde of the Tower. 
Nice viewing spot!
We didn’t bother going up the tower beyond the free locations, as we find the base of the tower already offered great views of the city at almost 360 degrees angle.In particular we found the gift shop was pricey and lack variety of souvenirs. We took the bus up to the tower and found it very convenient and cheap to commute to. Would recommend visiting!
Nice walk
We were here in the morning so its quiet great but I think its best at night to see the lights of Seoul City at night.
Nice Scenery
We took cable car to N Seoul Tower. Love their beautiful scenery. They have locks trees which you can buy those cute locks from their souvenir shops and write both partner's name & lock it there. 
Great place
Great place for travelers kkk. and weather was cool and really good place for couples i think kk if ure traveler hace to go there but evening is more beautiful and have fun 
Beautiful area of Seoul
This is the iconic centerpiece of Seoul. How can you not visit? The park around the tower is absolutely beautiful, especially in fall. There's multiple ways to get to the tower... you can take a tour bus, you can take the cable car, or you can hike. I highly encourage you to take the time to take the cable car up, and hike down, or vice-versa. The view from the top is great (but it's not near as tall as Lotte Tower, which I also highly recommend). The only downside to tower is its accessibility. I don't believe there's a parking lot to drive your own car, it's out of the way for a taxi, and it's not near a subway stop. That's why I recommend the cable car or hiking.
A good 360 degree view of Seoul
Who doen’t like cable car rides and observatories? It is a good contrast of beacon hill during the Josepn period and the technology now not to mention the romantic lovelocks, instagrammable scenic spots and the vibrant hues of autumn. Tip: use the restroom.
Romantic destination with excellent views
One of the most visible landmarks, Seoul tower is worth a visit at least once. I've been twice now, both during my first visit to Seoul and my most recent. Getting here can be a bit tricky if you don't have a knowledgeable local to help guide you as I had during my second visit, but I was still able to find my way with my limited Korean ability during my first visit, so don't be scared! Once you're on the correct bus, it winds it's perilous way along a narrow winding road until letting you off at a stop shy of the actual summit. You're expected to walk the remaining distance to the tower itself, so wear shoes that will be comfortable for walking up a steep incline. It's a little bit of an exertion depending on your fitness level, but the views from the top are well worth it! Both of my visits have been during the night and it's breath taking. The collection of locks has grown an incredible amount since my first visit, too! Make sure to bring your own padlock to seal the bonds of your eternal love if you have someone worthy of locking down. I contributed my own lock to the collection during my last visit! Be sure to go up and do the view, too, it's worth the admission fare. Even the bathrooms have incredible views! It's really worth seeing at least once and if you're already there, just go for it. 
Breathtaking Night Views
Seoul Tower at night was spectacular, the entire city is lit up and you can see for miles. The cable car up to the tower was also a fun way to get up there. There are shops for souvenirs and food as well plus many different spots to view the city.
Famous Landmark
Come during the afternoon until dark.Enjoy the view and city lights at night.Also you can enjoy walking up and down. But would suggest to take the cable car.
Great view on the way up
This tower is placed on top of a hill. The park and the hill are very beautiful and offer a view to the city. Don’t miss the great scenery by taking the bus straight to the tower. The tower honestly doesn’t have much for you to explore. 
Nice city view 
This is an iconic place, you should if you can, visit this place, it is close to major attractions. There’s a cableway to get there 
Nice View
Have a nice view...I came here at spring and the weather about 15 degree in the evening and may be cooler at night... we must prepare light coat.. love this place... romantic and istgramable...
Amazing sigtseeing 
It worth to wait in a line to attend the tower and enjoy sightseeing, great atmosphere and technoligies. An elevator will lift you to the top in 30 seconds to observe spectacular Seoul's life. All WCs are with a window wall and you may enjoy the view even there. Souvenir shop and Hello Kittie's museum provide a variety of gifts for adults and kids. 
A cool view of Seoul
Skip the bus and enjoy the hike up to the park at the base of the tower. Have a beer in the rotating restaurant, but don't eat there, and enjoy the panoramic view of the city. Go on one of the rare clear days, or you won't have much of a view. 
Fast elevator ride.
The ride up the elevator was super fast with cool visuals. There are a coiple of activities you can do when you arrive at the observatory. Best come at night for awesome cityscape.
Very long que!!!
This is my first time in Seoul korea and decided to visit N Tower on a Saturday, the line was very long and it took us almost 2 Hours just to get the ticket and ride the cable to go up the tower. Once we got to the tower, it was very crowded and we have to wait on the line again just go go down the lift. The view on the observatory is not very impressive and it’s not worth waiting for 2 hours.
My favorite place
I live in Seoul for 3 years and I was lucky that my apt is located near Namsan. I always go here for a hike especially during spring and autumn season. The view of Seoul from N Seoul Tower is quite amazing. In N Seoul, aside from the observatory there is the Teddy Bear Museum, the love lock areas and just recently they constructed a 4 or 5 storey building that houses a lot of restos, cafe, led displays and much more. My fave thing to do here is to just have a cup of coffee and just enjoy the view.It is pretty easy to go up N Seoul. The most expensive one is thru the cable car, the most practical is thru the namsan loop buses and if ypu dont want to spend money, you can just walk.. a lot of hiking trails to choose from all with commanding views of Seoul. I highly recommend the Namsan Park wirh its fortress wall. If time permits, go walking or jogging in the walking path, especially during autumn as it had the best autumn leaves.There were also a lot of exercise equipments to use for free. 
Seoul 360 
A breathtaking view awaits you! Every one will really enjoy a 360degree view of the Seoul City. There is a coffee shop and a souvenir shop awaiting for you at the top. Having a cup of coffee and overlooking the 360 degree of Seoul Is somehow very hard to describe.Once done, you can buys souvenirs for friends and family at home. You can even have your picture taken right at the ground level, and once u are up there thru the loft, your picture will be printed. Thats how fast it is. Suitable for family and even couples whom are feeling very romantic.
Fantastic Views!
We took a trip here on our first day in Seoul, it was busy but a great place to look around and for views of Seoul. Again there was reduced entry for seniors. 
Amazing Seoul tower
Seoul tower is a must see attraction in Seoul. It is true that you have to climb a hill to get there but on the top your efford is paid off with amazing view of the city. It is also appropriate for people in love because there is a fence where they can lock their love with a lock forever
Still the same...vibrant view and scenery
Started our day with walk from our guest house to Namsan.This is my fourth time visiting and the excitement is still enticing. The wonderful autumn just right around the corner make the visit more meaningful.They have upgraded the place especially the padlock area..The halloween theme accomplished the fall season perfectly. However, the shrimp burger no longer been offered at N Burger.If you like to have view of Seoul plus the scenery+nature, you should not miss N Seoul Tower 
Beautiful View of the City
Best to take a bus going here rather than the cable car. Bus is cheaper compared to the cable.You only need to walk on an inclined road going up, so be prepared. It's very cold here during Autumn, bring thick jackets, and it's quite windy here.They have a place to put your LOVE LOCKS as well. You can spend at least 1-2 hours here.
Go see the whole Seoul
Suggested time to go up by around 4pm. then go straight on the love lock area and witness the sunset. After the sunset you can go to the park beside the tower and theres a show you can watch... its ideal to go up the tower by around 7pm so you can see the beautiful lights of seoul. Dont forget to buy pop corn and drinks on the ground level (before riding the elevator to tower) its much enjoyable you see the view while eating and chatting with friends. once you are at the top of the tower, dont worry theres a lot of space you can sit on :) Enjoy!!!
Very mediocre attraction
My wife and I were visiting Seoul for five days and towards the end of our stay, we were largely out of sightseeing destinations. Almost as an afterthought, we decided to see the view at night from N Tower. I genuinely wish we hadn't made that decision. The process takes a long time as it is crowded getting up the cable car and then up the elevator. Then the view from the top is (at least at night) largely obscured by the bright lights of the gift shop displays which are DIRECTLY behind all the windows. So you're essentially seeing glare, not the beautiful city lights. Big tourist trap too - lots of kitschy souvenirs and overpriced food. To say nothing of the "love lock" gimmick they have going on too. And the N Tower itself is hardly impressive if you're been to other towers around the world.Pass on this one.
Wow
If you go up there you will enjoy an 360° unbelievable view of Seoul and surroundings. It is surely worth the trip to see how big this city really is with over 20 million inhabitants close to seaside on one side, close to high mountains ( with skiing possibilities ) on the other side.
Our favorite part of Seoul 
Walking through Namsen park up to the tower was our favorite part of Seoul. Beautiful views, and when you leave down the cable car it is not more than half a mile to Meongdong area. 
Best sunset view
The iconic landmark of Seoul. Go there in the evening so that u can get both day & night view. Do allocate extra 1hour for the cable car queue. I suggest that you take the elevator to the cable car station. Walking there is tiring especially if you travel with seniors and kids as it’s uphill road. To get to the elevator , exit at Hoyeon station NOT myeondong.
Worth it 
We paid and took the cable car up and walked around for a bit when we arrived. It was nice in the area without needing to go further up in the N Seoul Tower. Having said that, we paid 21,000krw (about $21 USD) for the two of us to go up the tower, with two drinks and a large popcorn. Or you can go up the tower for 10,000krw each. When we went up, it was just in time for the sunset, and that's when you truly can see how large Seoul really is! 
Walk up is good exercise
We walked up instead of taking the tram. Fine in 24 degrees Celsius but we are quite fit and were happy for some cardio. Lovely once you are up there. Cute shops and an arcade too
Nice view!
We go on the night time due to our flight arrived in the afternoon. Plan to catch the sunset but spend too much time looking for our hostel but the view on the night time also stunning. Try the cable car for fast access to the top and video recording along the trip up.
symbol of the seoul
The symbol of Seoul is open from 10 am. Couples leave each other's names on the keys after they are written down. The observatory fee is 10,000 won. Hello Kitty has an exhibition hall.
Very interesting and a great view.
This was our first place to visit! The park around the tower is beautiful and very well maintained. We didn't research very much so we found out the hard way that is is a very long and steep climb to the tower. Best advice it to take the skylift up and walk down!
A great place to visit
Visited N Seoul Tower during my visit to Korea. The walk to the Tower is very steep and a bit tiring but I'm sure young people will enjoy. In the tower, it was good view of the city. The souvenir shop was good too.
Great views from the tower
You can either climb up around 200m from the station level or get a cable car. The walk is part slope and part steps. Good exercise but not at all tough. The views as you walk up alongside the old city wall are great - but excellent from the viewing gallery up the tower. Highly recommended. 
One of the best in the world
Travelling to korea will not be complete without visiting this amazing tourist attraction.You need to exert extra effort to reach the top of the Tower. We went here last April 2017 and its freaking cold.This is also the place where you can see the love locks in the area. Such a romantic place to be with your partner and or ur family.
Nice spot with scenic views
If you're in Seoul for more than a day, definitely consider visiting the tower. You can get there by subway (close enough) from the Myeongdong stops, and walk towards the mountain. Eventually you will see signs for the Namsan park and tower. At the base is a gondola, but walking up the staired path is free, and takes about 20 mins at a leisurely pace. There are good views and photo spots along the way. At the top there are some assorted restaurants and eateries, and the tower itself. Also, at the plaza there is usually some kind of cultural-related event taking place, and there is the world famous "love lock" wall you've seen in many Korean dramas. The walk down is rather steep, so be careful if it is wet. 
Namsan Seoul Tower is a place of solitude.
Built in the late 60's as a radio and television transmission tower is now a main attraction for tourist and locals alike. What attracts many people to this landmark is its multi colored lighting that's projected onto the tower at dusk, an observatory that offers a 360 degree panoramic view of the city, the Rooftop Terrace and the Sky Restroom. My wife and I especially liked the Rooftop Terrace that offers a romantic ambiance.The terrace is a wooden deck with a city view and thousand of padlocks "Locks of Love" that's attached to fences, walls and trees that symbolize undying love. Also remember when you're in the observatory, make sure to visit the Sky Bathroom!
A must for tourist and none tourist
I've been here doing the day light and during the night. It's such a pretty place. And they have a great view of the city. Try to go during sunset so that you get both the day and the night view of the Tower and the city.
Go for the view
I was originally going to take the cable car up to see Seoul Tower because I like cable cars. However it is inconvenient to get the the cable car eventhough there is a free shuttle. I read that in the afternoon the line can be quite long. Then once you get to the top there are alot of steps to get up to the tower. I opted to take the bus up instead. I didn't go up to the observation deck but you can get a decent view from below as well. LG has three OLED curved displays. One is a wave, the other is a tunnel and the third is a circle. There is also a 3D immersive video display as well which is kind of cool. I waited as long as I could but I had to leave at 6pm. Unfortunately the tower was not fully lit up yet. They seem to light it parts of it one at a time very slowly for some reason. I had to head back to get my bags from my hotel and head to the airport.
Very scenic view and many performances.
Very scenic views, we can even see the sunset and the mountains. There are also many cultural performances showcasing the skills of the swordsmen.
Good Exercise
Went to Seoul tower as a must do/see kind of thing. We started the trail at the beginning of the steps and didn't know there was a cable car initially. Anyhow, great exercise going up the mile of steps. Great easy workout with plenty of places to pause for a quick rest and plenty of photo ops along the way. Plenty of people to include small children were working their way to the top. Once up there, you find the love lock area. Similar to Paris' love lock bridges only difference is there's not bridge and it's encouraged. The day we went there was a show going on so free entertainment on top of being random tourists. You can go inside the tower for food, toilets, gift shops, and for the observation deck. We didn't bother with paying to go on the deck as you can see some cool sights just walking around. We decided to do the cable car on the way down for another unique experience. Got to see the city from a different point of view and tickets are fairly cheap. If you can't do the hike up of the stairs, the cable car goes up and down. Just need a little patience to wait in the line. Would def go back again for the hike up.
A must, at least once
I was only in Seoul for a couple days, but this was my one of my favorite things to do. Be sure to leave plenty of time to enjoy the experience. We left our hotel about a mile from the tower at 2pm walking and returned at about 6pm. The time is spent waiting in lines to get up the cable car and the tower. About an hour wait for the cable car and 30 min for the tower. The observation Deck is worth the extra money. I really did not understand how big this city really is until I was on the observation Deck. As far as the eye can see in every direction, the city sprawls out over the landscape. It is so beautiful and amazing. Truly is a humbling and awe inspiring sight. Was worth the wait and worth the experience. My guess is that it is less busy in the morning. 
Views are not very spectacular
You get to see a paradomic view of Seoul city at the observatory. View was not spectacular and there wasn't much to do at the tower too. 
Great area and nice views
A was a nice and sunny day, albeit a wee bit hazy. Went all the way to the top and nice views of Seoul (11 million people are living here). Plenty of things to do and can spent half a day easily. You can walk all the way up, or even cycle, but would be okay to go to top by car and walk down. Plenty of lights to make evening visit worthwhile.
A Toilet With A View
The walk in Autumn is definitely worth it instead of getting the cable car.The base of the tower had traditional dancing and performances which is great to stop and watch whole you rest a little.The line for the tower was fairly long but the views are amazing from the top. The most surprising thing was going to the toilet to discover the full window views, definitely an experience in itself lol.
Worth visiting 
There is nice large park around it, with shops out side the tower. Acceptable fees for entry and nice view of the city from up and great souvenirs shop at the end.
Seoul Tower
Superrrrr place for sightseeing especially in the evening.We visited in the evening and the lighting is superb.Not to be missed since you can see the entire skyline of Seoul
You lock my heart at N Seoul Tower !
N Seoul Tower is worth to visit. 1st time been there by cable car. 2nd time I went there last year during my honeymoon trip. since the cable car is under maintenance, we go up there by public bus. Feel so happy go round around the city before we reach our destination. I would say the scenery is beautiful from the top. you can see the whole Seoul City.. In the cold weather, its so relaxing. The padlock is an attraction...I cannot help it but to read the wordings on the padlock....Its really funny you know...People write a lot of things to express their love affair. Ha ha ha. I really like to spend time up there.
Incredible views
If you enjoy a long walk or run, check this place out! The views are spectacular! The walkways get work up a good sweat!
Great view
Stopped here while taking a bus tour of the city. Amazing views of the city on a clear day. Even better at night.
Amazing view
We couldn't take the cable car due to the long queue. We decided to walk till the top and the stress was well paid back. The view was amazing, especially at night. A must attraction if u spend some.some . days in seoul
Seoul tower
Seoul tower is a must go tower for tourists because it has a magnificent views of the buildings, places, points of interests and mountains. Went to check it out in Oct, it was great because the weather was good and sunny. We walked slowly up the hill to get on an elevator lift to the tower (free). Then reached mid upper hill had to buy a return ticket (or single one way up or down - can hike up or down the hill) cable ride to the tower. Negative was the staff will filled up the cable car (packed sardines :/) with enough tourists then start the ride. Enjoyed the great views but not really while in the cable car because can't move around to take pictures.When reached the hill top, there were steps to walk up. There was a lock place, where lovers can buy locks to write their wishes and locked it around the fences which was so romantic and a vending machine to sell flowers. After had to walk up few more steps up and there was a Korean dressed up guard standing there and behind 2 more guards were marching each side of the huge big vases (those were for guards to lit those big vases when enemies entered their provinces -old time). Because it was mid autumn festival, there was a stall that let visitors to put on Korean traditional costumes (free) then took pics with the guards. At the tower, visitors able to buy just visit the tower platform, or tickets that include hello kitty museum and comic characters museum. Both museums are small but kids loved them so much. Up to the viewing plateform, the views were magnificent and spent long time to see how Seoul formed. Seoul was surrounded by mountains, palaces were along those mountains, buildings were not tall and able to see the new develop areas and old areas. Slight dissapointed - did not have places to sit and no much service facilities if compared with Lotte world tower (from namsan world tower you can see the Lotte world tower is right opposite to each other). The ladies toilets have glass all the way down in the cubicles but abit smelly and not clean. Overall it was great experience.
Great view of Seoul city
The tower is advertised as a romantic place for couples. When we reached there it was so crowded and the line to buy the tickets were equally long and took us another 45 mins to line up to get to the top of the tower. But that could have been our fault as we did not check if we could have bought the tickets online prior to us going up.Once you are up there you can see the whole of Seoul (provided it's not a cloudy day). At the bottom of the tower you can write little messages and lock it by a designated fence there <3My advise is to buy your own little lock before heading to Namsam tower because buying it there is quite expensive. Overall it was a nice and wonderful experience a part from the crowd. 
Views!!!
First on my list before coming to Seoul was the tower. And I didnt regret it at all. Seoul is huge so you better come 236m above ground to check the city from air. Also I was lucky with the weather, so I got a full beautiful picture of this huge city. If the weather is nice I would suggest going up by foot and coming down by cable car. 
Choose your time of visit carefully
We made two trips up to the tower - one during the day mid week and we were pleasantly surprised that we didn't have to queue very long for either the cable car or the lift to the top. But when we returned with our daughter to do a night time trip on a Saturday it was another story and we had a long wait for the cable car of about hour and twenty and then there was going to be another hour for the lift to the top. You get a good view from half way so we didn't bother queuing. It was very busy and we didn't bother eating up there either a good trip though and worth making .
Touristy
Perhaps it was because I went during the chuseok holidays... It was mad crowded. Waited one hour to get up and another hour to get down. If you're asked to wait, head over to the N Burger. Unfortunately when I went late at night, the Burger was all sold out so I had chicken tenders instead. Pretty decent. Entrance fee is 10,000won for adult. But you can also get it on KLOOK which is about 20% cheaper. Enter "QL2E9" when you check out to enjoy $4 off. 
Worth the visit
So this is a touristy spot but well worth the time to visit just for the amazing views of the city. Saw this as part of a tour but would go to see it on its own.
worth to hike!
I went there as a tour leader and brought all my guests there! it was pretty cool when u come to Korea around april because the path to go to the N seoul tower got so many trees and some flowers are blooming. look like a cherry blossom! but seriously it wont be cool if u come in summer coz it will make u double sweating :P
This tower is Middle of SEOUL
Nice place for tour in SEOUL. Tower has different color depend on air conditions. Green, blue, yellow, red....etc
Prepare for a good workout on your legs
Personally I went at night, the weather was quite cold (October) at first but after walking up so many stairs, I don't feel the cold anymore. Prepare water as there are less water dispenser. Also there are not much place for visitors to rest while walking up the stairs, so brace yourself! It was also crowded when we were there, and we saw a very long line for those who are taking the cable car. But it has many stunning view and quite a number of observation areas we can enjoy while we are on our way to the top. The place with the love locks are beautiful but full of trash, so clean up after yourself after eating there. Wear comfortable shoes as you will climb alot of steep and uneven stairs.
Nice view of the city
Not too far from the city is the observation tower. Steep walk to get to the area from the bus. Elevator takes less than a minute to the top thou long lines going up and down.
Glute workout
We decided to walk up to the tower. It was beautiful but wayyy too hot in the middle of June. Tons of stairs with barely any place to rest. When we got on top of the tower, we were soaking in sweat! The tower and view is breathtaking. Keep in mind the heat and stairs if you opt to climb up the mountain. Great gift shops here.
Very Nice View
We went to the N Seoul Tower in October. The line to enter and to buy your ticket is about 90 min, very long line. when you are in the line waiting, along the way you will find some people selling stuff like food and drinks which I think is a very good idea. when you get to the ticket centre the staff there speak English.And the way up is by elevator, before you go on the elevator they show you a short clip but they keep replaying the clip so it becomes boring. when you go up in the elevator when you come out of the elevator,the view comes and there is a candy shop on your right but tits really expensive. overall the view is nice but there isn't much to do other than take pictures. I recommend you going to the N Seoul Tower if you have never been to it, or Korea itself!
Lots of stairs
We decided to walk from Naman Gardens. A load of steps but plenty of seats along the way. It was a little busy while we were there so we divided not to go up to the top of the tower. There is plenty of observation areas around the bottom that offers excellent views. Lots of shops to eat. Gift shops as well. Good restrooms. 
No need for observatory tower
It was a good place providing a really good view of Seoul however we feel their observatory tower is a little underwhelming. It feels a bit stuffy inside especially when there's too many people and for the price you'll see almost the same view from their cafe below. The grounds of the N Seoul Tower though is really worth the visit. There was a ramen place that we loved, some shops for souvenirs, large grounds to wander around, a place for "love locks" and scheduled shows that feature traditional and historical culture. The cable car ride to and from N Seoul Tower is also a good way to see amazing views around the area. But be warned, lines get really long so be prepared to wait a while. 
Small Tower Great Views
This tower is not very prominent in Seoul's skyline because of its small size. The actual experience was much better than expected because it makes up for this in views. It seemed like I could even see N. Korea from here. Be prepared for lots and lots of steps if you decide to walk. There are meal/ticket packages that make dining much more reasonable. Be sure to see the free cultural performance outside if you can.
Nseoul tower experience
It was fun riding the Namsan Tour bus to see one of Seoul's tourist attraction. It was an amazing experience. Don't miss to see the mesmerising view of Nseoul tower when you're in Seoul. #NseoulTower #Ktravel
Worth visiting this cities icon! 
Gondola ride to the top is the quickest way to visit the tower. The view from the top gives a great panoramic from the top. It was surprisingly to discover all the love locks at the top! Korea is a city of lovers.❤️ 
Not worth it
Not too bad of a view up there but we realize without paying for the observatory deck, the deck below where all the locks are, do have a nice view. The wait to head up was crazy. We were told to come back 2 hours later. But thank god we bought a package with the sensory experience and could head up the observatory right after. Heading up to this place was quite a chore. We had to wait an hour or so for the bus to travel up and down. Heard that the waiting time for cable car was worse. The frequency of the buses were slow. Would suggest them to have a shuttle bus specially dedicated for visitors even if it means charging, rather than having to take a public bus and to impose on their locals who merely want to take a bus from one point to another. Actually another good place to see the view of Seoul would be Seoul Sky Tower that is newly opened and more accessible. 
The Best views of Seoul, In Seoul`
our first night in Seoul, we discovered that our hotel was about a 5 minute walk from the cable car lift to the tower. We headed out to it and discovered a pleasant surprise in the little incline elevator car that took you from street level to the cable car station. Once at the tower, we discovered that there were a lot of school children in groups, at the tower. The wait for the elevator was about 15 minutes. The children were noisy and excited, but not rude or disruptive. Once at the observation deck, the 360 degree views of Seoul at night were impressive, One complaint I do have is that the gift shop, and snack bar, located in the center, have such bright lights that the glare off the windows made night photography very difficult. After touring both levels of the observation deck, the line for the down elevator was quite long, so we had coffee at the coffee bar until the line got smaller. I should mention that there was no wait for the cable car, either going up or down.
Romantic
The tower features the highest toilet in Seoul where you can take a photo while doing your business. Remember to buy your own lock and permanent market for the lock bridge. It will definitely be cheaper than buying from their shop that sells them at 8,000 won and above. Buy the popcorn package with the tickets to the Observatory Deck. In the floors below the Observatory Deck, there's plenty of restaurants and entertainment such as arcade and a 3D viewing. Highly recommended to take the cable car up and down.
Not worth the wait
The 5 hours of waiting in lines was definitely not worth the wait. Better to use your time seeing other sights. 
Great view over Seoul
Great opportunity to take in the scale, size and layout of Seoul. On a clear day it offers amazing views. Lots of shops, restaurants and souvenir stores at the site.
Past its prime 
10 years ago it would have been a great place to visit. Now it's nice but not breathtaking. Nowhere near the highest in korea anymore.Can get here by walking or cable car or bus. All ok options. The queue to the top is ridiculous do don't bother. 
Scenic view of Seoul from N. Tower
We went there on 4/10/17. We walked from our hotel to Cable Car and it took around 15minutes.We reached Nansam Tower around 2.40pm. I had bought ticket online,so no need to que to purchase ticket for Observation. Just show our online ticket to Information counter & they issue entrance ticket for us.We just took the Observation & Hello Kitty Island package.We spend around 3 - 4 hours there. 
Beautiful views at night
Was a lot of lines and crowded. But very nice views! Is obviously a great place for couples and people getting engaged. The hello kitty island and the ssentoy were a little over rated. I wouldn't pay to go back in them. 
Namsan tower
We went to Namsan tower during a busy holiday and it showed. It was a fun observation area to see fun views of the city. However I didn’t like that when we asked to walk down stairs they said no it’s unsafe and made me really uneasy about where I was. Really high with no way to get down if something happened I imagine this is untrue but golly it sure was unnerving. For the most part the tower was fun for views and I recommend going at sunset that seems to be a busy time but a prettier time too. 
Romantic
Had anniversary dinner in the restaurant in the tower. Very nice food and view from the top is amazing. Bring you padlock and just like tourist lock it on the fence.
Not so senior citizen friendly
I went with my family to show them the birds-view of Seoul. Too bad cos it was difficult for them to walk up the steep slopes. They should have allowed cars with passengers who are senior citizens to go up atleast near the elevators so they can enjoy the view as well. 
N Seoul Tower at Night
The place is lovely at night, with the lights of the tower on and getting a nice view of Seoul from the tower. There are shops and restaurants at the Tower Plaza such as Starbucks and Gong Cha. 
It sucks
Do you want to waste your time waiting for a single lift up, then a single lift back down?Do you like to queue/wait for hours on end?Then N Seoul Tower is for you!I've included a photo of the line for the lift to the bottom floor, what you don't see if that it wraps around the whole building twice.Don't bother coming up to the observatory, you'll just get back to the bottom annoyed and frustrated.
The surroundings of the Seoul tower
The best way to get there is to take a cable car up and wall down. On the top of Nansam Mt. There is a small park area and the Seoul Tower. You can buy a separate ticket to the tower restaurants. The 360 view is already perfect to different directions of the huge City. Restaurants, cafes, shops....
Great look after 10 years
It was a great experience going up the N Tower this time in a car instead of the cable car. It was certainly a different view. As I recall 10 years ago the inside of the tower is slightly different to what it is today. For example 10 years back there was no LED tunnel at the entrance. The entrance is unique the tunnel is made of LED panel that plays 3 different videos. It started with Seoul City, universe or nebula and followed by marine lives. All different video gives one different feeling as you walk through it. My favorite so far is the marine life video.
Nice view of Seoul
We visited during the cold season, so it was freezing up there. I've been here twice, but we only did the locks once. Tip: Bring your own locks, much cheaper. :)
Stunning Night scenes
The tower is worth visiting both during daytime and at night. The red leaves in Oct/Nov make it a good photo spot while the night scenes are also great. You.can find the lock chains for lovers along the railings of the foot paths. We enjoyed every minute of our visit there and had wonderful buffet dinner with great evening views. It was difficult to get a taxi back to the city centre from the cable car station but you can always walk down to Myeongdong. It took about 20 minute. Quite a nice walk too after a heavy meal.
Not worth it 
The view is kind of nice but is not worth it There is only one trolley to go up and the wait was one hour so we hiked up. The home was not bad 30min approx Then when you arrive to the tower you buy a ticket 10k won and have to wait for your turn to go up Once you are up and enjoy the view for top 30 min then there is another massive like (40-50min) yo go down. So lots of lines 
Lock it Up!
Came here for the view and to add a lock to the collection. To take the lift will cost around $8.00usd per person. Locks cost around $10usd. Throw in a drink or snack and your total cost will be around $30usd. If you want you can also walk up to the top and will take you around 30 minutes. But it is very humid outside. So you might be covered in sweat when you reach the top. Looks like I will be back in 10 years to retrieve my "lock".Tips:Bring water. You might want to buy your own lock and print on it before coming to the tower.
Free popcorn and a fun lift
We walked up the hill to Seoul tower, which we would really recommend. The walk was lovely and we stopped for the view all the way up :) When we got to the top we thought we may as well visit the tower for an even higher view, and we weren’t disappointed. We managed to get a deal for two people, two drinks and a massive popcorn for virtually the same price as two standard tickets, which was a win. We loved going up in the lift to the top - no queue when we were there and the video was great.We watched the sunset from the top so got the day / sunset / night view. We have visited a lot of similar towers and viewing points from around the world and we did really enjoy this one. Good value to money and a great walk if you start from the very bottom.
Great view of the city and a nice hike up if you can manage
Ended up going for a morning jog up this hill to see the top. While I only recommend this if you are fit (the incline isn't forgiving), it was well worth the effort. The view from the top of this hill allows you to see most of Seoul. There are a few places to eat and if you're lucky, you'll even get to enjoy some live entertainment near the temple at the top. The tower is not too expensive and affords you a birds eye view of a massive city.There are a few other things to see at the top of this hill, to include the lock bridge, where young couples proclaim their love for one another with padlocks hanging from the railings. And of course, there is the gondola lift that will take you to the top and back for a very reasonable rate. I'd recommend doing this at night, as it not only shows you the entire city, but adds a bit of "ahh" to the ride, since you are unable to see the tree line swooping past you.Overall, this was a nice little tourist spot in Seoul and worth visiting. There are many methods to get to the top and if you have the time, it is worth exploring all the areas around the top, as you'll see some great sights.
Ok
Nothing special there when you already went to lotsa tower from different countries. May be a great experience for 1st time traveller.
maybe it's just for couples
no special design. You should go at night just to see the view of the entire Seoul. That's it. Nothing's special. 
It has a nice view
Tower is nice, it is a small size copy of the CN tower in Toronto. You can have a great view of the city but that's all. Go if you have spare time otherwise you dont miss anything.
Skip the Line and Walk to the Tower 
It's worth the view at the top of the tower to really get a feel for how big Seoul is - bring your nice camera to get some pretty amazing shots from the top. Also, If possible, walk up to the tower and don't wait for the gondola - the line can be ridiculous. We waited for over an hour to get on the gondola to get to the tower due to the humidity. You buy the ticket up at the front before getting a good look at the line.
One of the coolest things to do in Seoul
This was our 3rd trip to Seoul and we finally made it to the tower. We rode the cable car to the top at night. Nothing special there. The views of Seoul from the tower were very cool and the city lights very beautiful. We hiked down and that was very fun. If you hike down, make sure you have decent shoes and can walk well. Not a place for high heels.Some thought this was the coolest thing we did in Seoul.
It was Cold
I went there on 21st September, it was windy and cold, I love the weather. But it was foggy too, the view is not clear, we could not enjoy the view that much. I like the souvenir shop and mini mart there, the service received from staffs were so good!
Long Wait but Stunning View
Stunning night view from the top but the queue was so long (at 6pm). I would recommend a later visit, perhaps around 9pm if you want to go up the tower to enjoy Seoul's night view to avoid long queues.
Pack your walking shoes
The walk from the closest station to the cable car is up various hills and some fun stairs, unless you have a pram then it involves more hills. We didn't have a map so relied on signs which along the way we only saw 1 sign for the cable car.You can also walk up to the base of the tower but that wasn't happening with a baby and pram.The cable car going up was packed as it departs every 10 minutes, so best to be one of the first inline so you can pick a corner to stand to enjoy the view going up.Once out of the cable car, there some steep and uneven steps before you get to some viewing platforms, with amazing views out across the city.We didn't bother going up into the tower it's self as there was some traditional performance going on so sat down to watch this instead.Lots of tourists as to be expected, but it's a nice big open space to sit and relax.
Great day out for escaping the busy city
The tower is quite touristy as expected but great views over the city and a great day out wandering in the park around the tower. Many pathways, very well maintained, clean and beautiful nature.
#1 for a reason
Tremendous views from the top. Well worth a visit! Exit Myeongdong station and walk to your left up a narrow winding hill for about half a km then up a flight of stairs to catch cable car which is 8500 won. Takes just a few mins and the views are great. After this you walk up more stairs and ticket office is to the right for the tower. 
It was okay...
Neat concept but could be better. The lower levels have restaurants but is still being developed. The viewing deck was filled with at least 100 small children on a trip... can't control that. We also went on a cloudy night - the ticket booth warned us before purchase which was nice. The view was really obstructed by the bright lights within the viewing deck. Also seating was limited... which was odd. At least 50% of viewing deck is retail space which made things very crowded. The bathrooms were the best part! If you have time and 10 bucks/ person it's okay. Take the 02 bus there and then start walking up the big hill!
Wonderful views
This tower and location offer great views of this great city of Seoul. A cable car ride up or a good walk make the tower available to all tourists. The tour cost is reasonable and the views and information provided in the tower give you a good insight to this city. The plaza also hosts historical dancers and other events. Well worth the time as views on a clear day go on for miles.
Higestpoint
Very Nice view from thé Namsan Tower in Seoul you must visit resturant när toilet souvenir shop rake the cabelcar to Tower Good ride to see the city
Big Tower
Not much to do in Seoul, so you can visit a big tower that is bathed in colorful light at night. Nice view from the cable car and from the hill the tower is on.
Tower visit
The best time to visit the tower is before sunset so you enjoy the day and night view of Seoul, I don't recommend visiting the tower 
Beautiful view of the City
Go for the view. Enjoy the cultural dances and performances. Very similar to US tourists spots with photos for sale and over priced concessions. Plan to stay sundown, it beautiful. 
stairs stairs stairs. worth the walk:)
nice restaurants within N Seoul tower:) must visit. nice weather but i think for summer it will be hot :)
One of the main Seoul attractions
N Seoul Tower, aka Namsan, is one of the most popular attractions for visitors in Seoul. I've been there several times in the years I've lived in Korea. The best way I've found to get there, is to take the subway to Itaewon then grab a taxi to go up the hill. If you tell the taxi driver, Namsan Tower, they know where that is and may ask you top or bottom. Why? Because from the bottom, you can take a cable car ride to the almost-top and walk the rest of the way. The view from the cable car is pretty nice to see whether you go during the day or night, you get a birds-eye view of Seoul as far as your eyes can see.When you arrive at the almost-top, it's still a bit of a climb going up to the tower. My last visit, I went with my niece and nephew (10, 7 years old). They were fine walking up the stairs to the tower. At the Namsan Tower, you buy tickets for the Tower. There are different prices for additional attractions. When you get inside, you go through a souvenir photo background booth where photographers will take photos of you with a neutral screen background. If you're interested in the photos, you can purchase them upstairs. The digital photos can be mixed with different backgrounds of the Tower: in Spring with cherry blossoms, at night with the lights, during the day, etc. The observation deck at the top of Namsan Tower also has a photo booth where visitors can dress up in traditional Korean clothes- hanbok. It's a little pricey, but fun if you're into that kind of memorable souvenir.Going down: you can either take the cable car back down to where you started or walk down. My niece, nephew and I decided to walk down. That day, it started raining, drizzling, as we were walking. When we got to the bottom, we grabbed a taxi going to Insadong- our next stop.
N Seoul Tower, Love Locks
We joined a group tour and N Seoul Tower was one of the destinations. The observation deck gives a nice view of the city. This place is also popular because of the love locks area. 
Long-waiting cable car
Second time to be here. Actually enjoy seeing conservatory tower from far. More than 45mins queuing on ticket office. Inside the cable car, standing all the way in packed limited space, luckily it's short time. 
Amazing !! Romantic ! Must visit
Visited N Seoul tower twice during my stay at Seoul , once with my girlfriends and another time with my husband. Fell in love with this place. It has got a romantic, fun feel to it. There are two ways of reaching the tower. By car uphill or by a cable car ride of less than 5 mins. On a rainy day its more romantic as you can feel the mist around you. At the entrance there is a ticket counter , then go straight up to the top using an elevator. Just after getting out of the elevator all the guests are directed towards a gallery where they take pictures of all their guests ( dnt forget to giv ur best pose )and later if u want a copy , u can buy it from the top floor. At the top floor one can view the city by using the special telescopes. There are so many pretty souvenir shops . there are many options for coffee and snacks up there. Outside the tower there is an open area specially famous for its colourful locks display. Its a good photo point. Namsan Seoul tower is a must must must visit.
Nice view
Went for the third time. Couple Love locks are still there. We walked to reach the top, rather than taking the cable car. Nice area for an evening.
Super visit 
123 floorsExiting Fast liftsSky restaurant Good food and and a reasonable menu for a sky restaurant Well organized and good security Enjoyed Photo facility excellent 
Amazing views over the City
Second visit there. Love the place. Definitely go up by the cable car, it's great fun. The view is awesome. We were lucky to see a weapon handling demonstration which was awesome. You can buy a lock and sign it with your loved one. Food was good - tonkatsu was really good actually! It can get really busy whatever the weather so be ready for it.
Lock your heart here
Don't wear any highheels here, coz u goin to walk quite far and it's climbing.Lock your heart here as they got the padlock gate. 
Very iconic
I went to this site by cable car (admission fee 8000₩/person round trip). It open until 8am (we left on 7.30am and cable car still operated).You can just walk around the tower, see the view and there's unique spot: love chain everywhere. Besides, you can enter the tower and go up, but it needs extra fee 10000₩/person. In the tower, you can see Seoul from the sky and you can see sunset. Best spot to take the night scene (light of the city) is in outside the tower (no window).It's modern tourism you can get from Seoul.
A landmark common to most of the main cities
It seems that every major city around the world has a "Tower". It's always a beautiful view of the city from high grounds. The majesty of Seoul could be only seen from Seoul Tower.
Fun like most Towers
This tower is very similar to tower attactions in most asian countries. The tower gives you a great view, there are gift shops and places to eat in the connecting building, and laces to sit and relax if you need it. One thing that is different is that there are lock and key's on most walls. This place is a place of love. Many couples come here to put a lock on the fence to symbolize their love.
Beautiful Tower and grounds
We visited during the week, and the tower was overrun with school children on field trips. The view was amazing, and the area around the park was enjoyable. Somehow we missed the tram ride up the hill, but the bus from Insadong took us right to the top. A little pricey, but on a bright day, well worth it/
Wonderful 
It's a wonderful place with amazing city view. I recommended it strongly to all tourists who visit Seoul. Very nice elevator look like Burj Khalifa in Dubai. The place contain many terraces with nice view. We reached the tower with bus.
N seoul tower
Pad lock lover. Couple will write their wish in the pad lock n lock all the way of the staicase. I had yummy pop corn in the top of namsan tower. Surprisingly the coffee price is still normal price not like other tourist attraction. I love namsan tower.
Nice views up top!
My wife and I got the return cable car ticket from a friend, so we went to N tower. The cable car journey up the hill was really picturesque. We went up here towards sunset, and the view was just amazing! You could see all the trees and the setting sun while going up the cable car. Once up there, we went to the place where there were the love locks. It was pretty cool. And makes for a nice photo stop. You can place a lock there as well, but you'll have to pay a fee to purchase a lock I think. We didn't do that. But lots of people were doing that. We then continued to the tower. The top was really great, with cafes, restaurants and souvenir shops there. The highlight is the top of the tower where you could just stay and admire the city. Really beautiful, with all the city lights at night. You could even buy snacks and popcorn there. On the way down, the cable car broke down! And everyone was queuing to get refunds. They staff were good and helped to move things along as quickly as possible and we got a refund for not just the trip down, but the whole return ticket price! So it wasn't too bad. I'd recommend it if it's your first time there, but if you're there during winter, be sure to bring enough clothing. It gets quite chilly up there because of the wind!
Good enough attraction 
The tower is surrounded by lavish natureSince it's a little old, don't expect hightech featuresThe position on a hill gives it a little edge to have a 360 degrees look on SeoulThere is a nice souvenirs shop on top and a candy shop underneath it
beautiful...
both of us take train then take the public bus there to seoul tower at night.realy nice view ...can see the city there...v take a lot of picture there....as v went at night,the light all seems awesome...i just feel like so romantic...so lovely nnnn sweet at this place..thus you must bring your couples there to enjoy this beautiful scene n capture the beautiful scene in korea...visit korea must visit seoul tower..yeah...
A must place to visit -N Seoul Tower
We went to Seoul in late August and spent one full day at N Seoul Tower.The Cable Car Station is situated at a very convenient location which is within walking distance from the main shopping street.On arrival , we took a lift to go up to the "sky-deck" where we had an excellent bird eye view over the entire beautiful Seoul city.A lot of shops to buy souvenirs and the prices are reasonable with many choices.It is also a very popular place for film site of many Korean Dramas like " My Love From The Stars". Also it is a romantic place for lovers to buy their " love locks" and locked it over the rail.We went to a local nearby restaurant , next to the main Tower site , where it is famous for fresh food and vegetables -from "Farm to Table".It is a buffet type lunch at a very low price , many choices and very local Korean style/taste. A must place for lunch and good value for money.You cannot leave Seoul without going to the N Seoul Tower.
Definitely worth the lines
The views from the top of the tower are absolutely spectacular. If you take the cable car up you will probably have at least an hour long line. Then when you get to the tower you will have another 30 - 45 minute long line, so take the wait into account when planning your trip. Seeing the view at night with the lights of the city is amazing.
Great view
We went up the tower in bright sunshine and had perfect view. If the weather is dull, postpone the visit.
Great for first timer tourists to Seoul
I went with my parents and sister who visited Seoul for the first time. We took direct bus to N tower, the bus was crowded. We didn't walk to the cable car from Myeongdong because of the distance. They enjoyed the cultural performance. My sister had photo with G-Dragon in Kpop photo booth. We went up to the observatory to have a city view. I was disappointed the ticket price has increased to 10000 won, and senior citizens ticket (7000 won) has been removed. Tourists can easily spend half day there taking photo, catching cultural performance, having good meal, playing arcade games (for kids and teens),.... Did i tell you the Teddy bear museum is there? strongly recommended for family. 
nice view
Nice view of Seoul. the restaurant requires a reservation(I am not 100% sure, I didn't go there) the helps put Seoul into perspective for me always 
Overcrowded and dirty
This is our second time there in ten years. Namsan tower is not what it used to be. The place is so overcrowded and dirty. The line to ride the cable car is so long and once you get on you can't even enjoy the view because so many people are on that you can't look out. When you're finally at the tower, you can't enjoy the view because of the smog. In addition, the crowd is so immense you can't enjoy it or take pictures. Stay away and spend your time and energy elsewhere. 
Namsan Tower - Highest Place to seeing SEOUL
I choose to get Namsan Tower by Cable Car, due to my Hotel near Myeongdong then I need to walk from Hotel Pacific area, you need trekking to find Cable Car station, it takes 15 mins then enjoy the view from Cable car, once you arrive, prepare your feet to go upstairs and Finally you find a super beautiful Namsan Tower, enjoy the coolest photo spot, museum teddy bear, don't forget to go the observatory and also shopping cute things a lot. my suggest is buy cable car ticket for return for saving. Happy explore Namsan :)
Take many beautiful pictures with love locks
The locks are not as beautiful as in the K-Dramas. Buying locks here is quite expensive. About 20000 won.The stairs from the 4th floor to the 3rd floor of the sheep show are quite fun. That is a beautiful shooting location.
Overview of a 25+ mio people city
After 30+ minutes of pain, from the rather steep stairs (cable car available for lazies), the views from the top are well worth it. As in most other similar places. the top floor is quite crowded, but the floor below offers more or less similar angles and less hustle. Nice videos projected on the ceiling of the elevator during the up or down rides.
Must visit
Must visit this tower because it is the iconic landmark if you come to Seoul. You can view the Seoul city from the above and it is very spectacular!
Seoul landmark 
They say you have not been to Seoul Korea if you have not visited N Seoul Tower. As part of our tour package, we were allowed to stay and take pictures for 15 mins only. Hope to have stayed longer and checked out the observatory.Must visit. 
Interesting evening out ... with gorgeous view
We got on a bus at the buss stop in front of namsan Hanok Village and it was as easy and smooth ride up . Or if you want a more scenic or adventure type then head down to myeongdong and catch the cable car up. We stayed about 2hours.. enjoying the view , the breeze and taking in the whole Korean culture or scenes that we normally see in Kdrama or Kvariety show. It would an ideal time to buy and share (or not..=) ) the varieties of snacks, desserts and ice creams ..Since we went in summer it was a perfect time for ice cream and churros .. Yummy!!The famous thing to do here is the love locks , you may purchase the locks at the tower or bring it from home or form your country.. But they do restrict the size of the locks ,.. so even if you have a steering-lock of eternal love , pls follow the rules or your love locks will be open and disposed off.. hahaha .. TIP: If you come in summer, best have some insect repellent sprays for the evening as i was bitten quite a bit by bugs or mosquitoes.. lolz.. Tip: almost everything to do upstairs need $$$ ... besides the view. haha so best to find bargain/coupons/discounts at seoulpass/ klook and a few other websites that offer discounted pricing .. That would be more worth it ...
Great view of Seoul 
Must visit this famous N-Seoul tower. Namsan is famous seoul mountain and view is fantastic.Good food, lots of gift places.
Impressive views of the city below
Seoul Tower is an inexpensive attraction for families and couples. It's a great place to relax and see some of the impressive Seoul skyline from the highest spot in the city. You can take a cable car up to the top for under $10 or make the long hike up on your own. I did not go to the observation tower. It can be busy during the day, so I would advise going in the morning hours or just after 3pm. However, it is one of those places I would only go once. Once you've seen it and have taken all the photos from all the angles, what's the point of going again?
Worth to go up
If you like to view from height I would recommend you this attraction. You can go on to ramp with transparent floor and take your picture. The views over the city are beautiful, we did it in night and it was perfect.
Surprisingly Cool at Night
A friend took us up the hill at night to see this spot. Although we did not go up the tower or ride the cable car, we loved the view from up here. 360 and very very interesting. 
Must to go!!!
Definitely I recommend the visit to the tower during the evening time. The tower is on the top of a hill, you can get there by cable car (very very long line during the evening and weekend, if possible better to avoid the weekend!!) or by foot, it is a very nice walking of about 30min.I spend 2hours on queue to take the cable car(IT'S NOT A PANORAMIC trip like usual , it takes about 15/20ppl per time and it's just to reach the tower), then if you want to get to the top of the tower you need to buy another ticket (Saturday night another 1hour queue).Anyhow once there is nice cause there are lots of activities to do, take pics to a temple, restaurants, games center, love lockers wall. Going to the top you can take and purchase a cool pics and I recommend the visit :)
Great view
Very nice view and great relaxing feeling while strolling along hill. You can see distance between districts clearly and elevator ride was quick too.
It's a must in the evening
It is located on the hill in the center of the city and offers a great view on the city which spreads as far as one can see in all directions. If you have time get up there in the late afternoon and wait there until dark. It is worth it.
A waste of money
We paid the 8500 won each to take the cable car up to the base of the tower at night, by the time we made it to the top it was pouring down with rain so it did kind of damper our excitement. The love locks were nice to look at, I wasn't keen on buying a heart shaped locket to write sweet nothings to my husband.You trek up the stairs more and buy a 10,000won ticket each to go to the observation deck at the top of the tower. I didn't and still don't understand the option to buy a popcorn bucket and coke combo with your ticket. Que and get in the lift. They tell you to look at the ceiling of the lift and you watch a retro 30 second clip of going up the tower and exploding off into out of space and land somewhere. You step out the lift, around the corner and stand in another que for a photo in front of a green screen to which you stand in line again to see your photo with 4 different sceneries with or without the tower in it. You need to pay 12,000won for a photo or more for a framed photo or 2.You can bypass it. Congratulations, your at the top of the tower. Multiple signs of No Photo's Allowed. You can sit on some steps/platforms they have. You can buy some expensive souvenirs and pay by weight a self fill bag of selected candies. The sights are nice, but I personally feel some of the parks around Seoul give you a nicer view without the money grab.
Nothing actually to do there
They used to have a light show on the tower but seems it's not napping anymore and that's the only they had which was cool. But still it's good to go there on sunset and enjoy the Seoul view. And of course for couples it's a very popular destinations to leave a lock there. Lol
Awesome
I didn't expect this place to be as awesome as it was. Not exactly sure what it was - maybe the views from the toilet? Really from floor to ceiling windows with a view of Seoul while you sit and potty! Soooo cool! Great fun photo opportunities, good snacks and even martial arts displays/shows... but just the breathtaking views from the top - really worth it! 
Loveky tower, better in the evening! 
Lovely Views from the tower at nighttime or evening, go around 7/8pm when the lights are coming on. It's much more romantic. We hung around for it to get dark which was a good choice to make. Would return :) 
Day or Night, Incredible View
I was fortunate enough to be staying across the street from the hillside entrance to N Seoul Tower so I took advantage of my proximity and hiked the hillside one morning. The climb isn't easy to dress appropriately but once you've reached the tower the view makes it all worth while. I've been told that the view is hit or miss based on the level of "yellow dust" in the city but I was fortunate enough to have a perfect view of the bustling, enormous city below. Take an additional trip at night for a spectacular view.
N tower visit 
we went there and it is good place to see Seoul from the top. It will take not more than one hour tour and you can have a snak there also. 
Popcorn, Love Locks & a Beautiful View at Dusk.
On the way to the cable car enjoy the walk through the colourful wee area covered in comic themed graffiti. Incredibly vibrant! I wasn't that fussed initially about visiting the tower but my husband suggested we go and so glad we did. We went up early evening and got to the top of the tower just in time for the sunset. We bought the popcorn / drink combo (you can add it on for around 1,000₩ - wee bit more for the drink, but worth it!) The only negative is the glass windows need a bit of a clean! Beautiful 360° views of parts of the city and the mountains.Very romantic!
Oh man, is this place beautiful at night or what.
I came here with a friend after a long day of walking through Myeongdong and Namdaemun market to see the tower, and it was really fun. We took the cable car up as a round trip (there is a Namsan park that you can walk through to get down the mountain, but the park is HUGE and dark at night, so be prepared for a trek if you want to do up or down that way rather than taking the cable car). The tower lights up at night (as you can see in the picture) and makes for a great photo-op. Even just being in front of the tower has some incredible views of Seoul; I can only imagine the view from the top of the tower (it costs another 10,000 Won, i.e. ~$10, to go up so my friend and I did not). There's also the famous "lock area" where couples write on locks and lock them to the fence all around Namsan, so if you're in a relationship and are into doing that kind of couple-y stuff, either bring a lock with you or buy one at Namsan (I don't know how much they cost, but you can buy them). There are also little cafes at the area in front of Namsan, and a pretty Korean style gazebo which makes for good pictures. There's a little arcade area too where I found some free wi-fi, so that was fun. I would recommend going at night with a friend, I think that would be the most fun. I'm definitely going to go back when I'm in Seoul again and pay to go all the way up. I want to hike through the park to get up next time, however - I actually attempted this while I was still in Seoul a few days ago, and I made the mistake of not using bug spray and wearing shorts. Guys, the park is very jungle-like, so if you don't use long pants and bug spray, you will get EATEN ALIVE by mosquitoes. Don't make the same mistake I did. I was barely walking for 30 minutes before my legs started burning with itch, and I had to sprint down the mountain before I was even halfway up. But the park is gorgeous! If you have the time, I would recommend walking your way up to the tower for sure.
Nice Experience To Go Up - 一個相當不錯的造訪經驗
We went up with light shower & came down with heavy rain. Even though, we still enjoyed this trip due to few reasons. It was nice to try the walk, elevator train and cable car all the way up & down. The temperature was nice & the views were great. The tower is beautiful and the photo service was nicely designed with very reasonable price. It costs less then 20USD to go round trip cable car & tower lift, which is quite reasonable.我們在小雨中上行卻在傾盆大雨中下來，即便如此，我們還是因為很多原因很喜歡這個行程；上去和下來我們用走的、坐電梯車、也搭乘纜車，首爾塔很美、氣溫很舒服、景觀也都很棒，照相服務算是便宜而且效果很好，一個人不到二十美金就可以坐纜車來回和搭乘首爾塔的快速電梯；真的蠻舒服的一趟造訪。
A tower that can see Seoul
The tower is located at the hill top. We chose to go up the hill by cable car. However, the cable car station is located at a place that not convenient for visitors. The tower itself is not tall. The entrance fee is expensive as it does not offer much different from the sightseeing spots at the hill top. The day I visited did not have many visitors and made my visit very comfortable. I do not know if they do not have many visitors every day. There are a lot of restaurants beneath the tower.
Long queue, nice view
Maybe it was weekend, it was very crowded from cable car to entrance to skydeck. Recommend you to take bus to top hill (bus line 03, 02, 05) instead of waiting in long queue. Entrance to skydeck was through photo zone which is not neccessary and waste time. 
N Seoul Tower
My son and I loved this place. It was fun riding the cable car and hanging around the Tower Park. Lots of free performances and very romantic as well.
Beautiful views from Seoul Tower
Easy to access by subway and then bus-cheaper than guided tour. Exceptional views from all levels. Good facilities.
Romantic place 
I've been to a restaurant on the top of the tower. It was very romantic. N grill on the top has also good atmosphere. I had really good time with my boyfriend. 
A pleasant morning outing
We walked from Myeongdong station. Go right at the Pacific Hotel road-fork to get to the cable-car station. The cable-car ride was squeezy - with everyone standing, it was hard to get a good view for photo or video. It was misty, so we did not pay to get up to the observatory. The environment was pleasant enough. We had a relaxed bus ride back down to the metro station using our T-money card.
Foggy
It was raining when we went there and it was foggy. Could barely see the city from above. Nice cooling.area during the summer. 
Super Fun for Teens
Our teenage daughters loved visiting the Tower. Lots to see. Take the cable car up to the Tower grounds. It was hot when we went but if cooler you can walk up and down. Lots of places in food court. Great Bubble Tea.
Great view
It's a hike up the hill but the view from the top was fantastic. We went there after a long day of sightseeing and were worn out so the hike up was tiring but worth it. 
Visit night or day.
Nice attraction with great views of the city. See all the locks and relive your favorite Kdrama moment.
Hmmm... not so impressive
To be honest, I am not a great fan of man-made towers. When we have crystal clear sky, it is a good place to visit to see Seoul. They have lovers' paddle locks there in N tower, I don't like it but... many tourists love it so... well...
overall view of the city
Almost every place has its own iconic tower. So this is a must-go if it's your first time to Seoul, just for that "been there done that" picture. It's accessible from Myeongdong anyway, so why not?
A famous romantic overlook
Unfortunately this overlook is famous as a dating spot in a country rife with couples culture. Expect lots of tourists and couples crowding this area during weekends and evenings. That said, it is a pretty dang decent view if you can peek out from over the crowds and love-lock infested railings. I would certainly recommend to hike up the mountain and arrive just before sunset. You will be tired enough to want to lounge around until the dusk, which gives you the benefit of seeing the city in the daylight, the colors of the sunset, and the lights after dark. There is a cable car you can use to get back down or you can hike it again for another workout.
View of Seoul
If you want to see Seoul from above this a must. Go in the week, not weekend. There wasn't any queues when we went. 
Can see main area of Seoul
I visited here on Aug 13 by cable car located in mid point of Mt Nam. You can enjoy night view of Seoul. I recommend you to visit here late afternoon. Cable car cost of adult is 8500 KRW for round trip and 5500 KRW for oneway trip. You can find lots of restaurant, coffe shop, and souvenior shop in the N tower. The nearest subway station of cable car boarding is myuong dong subway station. 
Nice views of the city
It was our last day in Seoul, and even though it was a cloudy day, we decided to give this a shot We got there early and rode the first tram up and it wasn't crowded. It was a weekday too.Nice views on the tram but you get the same at the top so if the tram has a line, take a taxi or bus or, if you have time and in good shape, you can walk up to the base of the tower. We went to the top of the tower but you could see that a lot of people don't as the view at the base is pretty good. The view from the top of the tower was worth it as you have great views of the city but the clouds kept us from seeing to far in the distance.
Nice view
This is one of the main landmarks in Seoul, the waiting lines were dredful, line to the cable car, to the elevator ..etc The view to the tower is amazing cuz it's in Namsan park, but to tell the truth it wasn't really that much you can do up there haha
Great views but expect to pay
The tower its self is great. We much more enjoyed the 2nd level as it was less crowded and you got a nicer view, the 2nd level also had more information unlike the top that just seems to be about getting kids to ask their parents for lollies. We took the cable car up. They PACK the people in so if you dont rush to a side of the cart you basically cant see anything. The cart ride isnt great so if i was to do it again i would just get the bus up. Once you get to the base of the tower its then more money to get up. I understand they need to pay for everything but it really does feel like a tourist trap. The view was great and Id recommend going at sunset so you can start to see Seoul light up and do its thingWorth going but dont stress if you dont have time
Spectacular view
No taxi is allowed for direct access and we took the bus nr. 2 directly out side the hotel. A little climbing act led us to the Tower Square where we bought the entrance tickets for half price after 18:00pm. The lift drive has a quick view of the N Tower from space. Be aware the timing of going back as long queues are awaiting yours. There are impressive breath-taking views on how Seoul survived from the wars! With so many bridges and clusters of tall buildings around, Soul shows her perseverance and determination to sustain growth inside this compact well-knitted localities.
The Love Tower
I've heared a lot of the "love-tower" and had to see it myself. I realized that I'm glad I did. The tower it self was OK. The view was more stunning from the tower in Auckland, but the view was OK. We hang up a lock as everybody else and enjoyed the traditional Korean Guard show. The toilet in the tower had the best view ever. Here you could do number 2 and look over Seoul while doing so!
Nice View
This was my second attempt at checking out the tower. The first day it was too much smog so I decided not to go up to the top. At the end of the week I tried again and I was so glad that I did. I used the cable cars to gain access which offered great views. At the end of the cable car ride was a performance area, food bar and more views. Then I purchased a ticket to go up to the tower it was nice with more great views, picture opportunities and a gift shop.  
Beautiful views but can get crowded
The views from the top of the tower are beautiful but it can get very crowded the you get to the top. The tower itself will be lit up at night and is great for pictures. Its nice to look at from afar.
A paronamic view of city landscape (tall buildings surrounded by large patches of forest trees.
A paronamic view of the city Seoul landscape (tall building surrounded by large patches of forest trees), consistently seen at 360 degree view from the N Seoul Tower. It is interesting to notice that when we were downtown (city ground level), the surrounding was humid. But as we board the cable car, we begin to see the wide areas of greeneries and felt the whip of fresh cool air (late afternoon). Awesome view, forest trees all across the city of Seoul.
Very Romantic
One of the Icon of Seoul City. N Seoul Tower is very nice place to spend your afternoon especially in Autumn. I would recommend this place for couple because is very romantic.
Just fine
Nothing really impressed me in SK, this one, in particular, is nothing to be excited about, the same stench in the street surrounding the place, the oils and filthy water from the street vendors kiosks running on the side of the streets is just disgusting.
Stunning, but typical
The N Seoul Tower, although boasting stunning views of Seoul city, is the typical tourist attraction. I've been to many similar towers around the world, and they are all very similar to each other, with just different views. If you have not been in a tower like this, I would recommend it, however it is nothing special. It contains the usual features to try and coerce you into spending your money such as the group photos, gift shops and overpriced restaurants. The views are amazing though and I would recommend a visit if it is your first time. There is one special feature which are the locks on the fences, which are quite fun to do and look nice. The hike is also quite beautiful and great if you want to enjoy nature and fresh air. The cable car ride is also stunning and you can see amazing views. I would recommend going to the tower during the day time, where the view is clearer, whereas as night only the lights can be seen. I did go during sunset and the ride up the cable car was beautiful, and the views were absolutely amazing. This is dependent on the season, I went in winter, it was quite cold at night, and the bus rides down the mountain were limited. There are a few restaurants there, however I would not recommend them based on my personal experience. I went to the Korean buffet, and the food was not worth the price. The view was nice, however the food was below my expectations, and it was quite pricey as well. Overall I enjoyed my visit to the N Seoul Tower, however I think that one visit is enough.
Tower on hill top
Seoul Tower in South Korea (Namsan Tower)Seoul Tower, also called Namsan Tower or, more recently, N Seoul Tower, is located in the centre of Seoul on Mount Namsan. Seoul Tower was opened to the public for the first time on the 15th of October 1980. Namsan Tower is 236.7 metres high and, because it stands on Namsan Seoul Towertop of Mount Namsan, it rises to about 480 metres above sea level, thus allowing visitors to enjoy a great panoramic view of Seoul.Seoul Tower was remodelled in 2005 and it opened to the public again on the 9th of December 2005, with the name of N Seoul Tower (N stands for new). The new tower has a new lighting system that makes the tower spectacular at night; new facilities such as restaurants, shops, cafés; a lobby with a media zone where films and music videos are shown for free; two pavilions, one for exhibitions and the other for performances; two observatories, the new digital observatory with new state of the art digital telescopes and the classic analogue observatory; a new revolving western style restaurant called N Grill on the top floor.
FEEL LIKE YOUR IN KOREAN DRAMA
Very romantic place at the top of the city, best at night. Very cold and its nice to be here if your really fan of korean drama like me. What you see on the drama is true.
Amazing and definitely worth a visit!
You might have to climb up or drive up but the view is really worth it! It is quite a tourist attraction and is quite busy and of a welcoming atmosphere. I suggest coming near the evening to afternoon as the view is beautiful and the N Seoul Tower will light up which is quite spectacular. It is definitely a great destination to take pictures and just look over Seoul and as well as that, the railings of stairs are chained with beautiful colourful locks that you can purchase (quite expensive though). If you want to purchase a lock and key, I suggest going to the actual store to buy the locks rather than people standing around on the platforms. Other than that, it was definitely worth the experience. As well as that, inside there are restaurants, souvenirs, walls where you can write stuff on, and an arcade which I enjoyed greatly. Definitely worth a visit if you ever go to Seoul!
Really worth a visit.
Stunning views or Seoul, specially at sunset when the city lights start to light up. You will have the whole city at your feet.
Definately worth a visit.
Amazing view of the whole of Seoul. With lots of interesting shops/activities on the lower levels. Spent a pleasant morning with teenage family who enjoyed it.
Watch Where You're Going! 
Like most attractions of this type, the North Seoul Tower is what it is: a tourist trap. That doesn't mean it's not worth seeing. Just be aware that you are there primarily to generate revenue, via "group" photo sales, overpriced gift shops and restaurants, etc. Stick to enjoying the views and you'll save a ton of Won. A word to the wise: When heading back down to the bus stop, make sure you take the correct path! Otherwise, like us, you could end up unwittingly hiking down the full length of the WRONG side of the mountain! If that happens, just buy a tramway ticket(s), ride back up to the base of the Tower, and try again. (Bet you won't make the same mistake twice!)
Worth a visit especially in the evening
It's a tower which gives amazing panoramic views of Seoul city!! Especially in the evening. Half way up it has its own lovelock platform. Souvenirs usually are a tad on the costlier side but the views are breathtaking. Worth a visit for anyone who is visiting Seoul!!
Best view of Seoul: Stay from when the sunsets to Night to get the best experience
The N Seoul Tower is about a 10 minute walk from Myeong Dong's busy streets. Its really easy to get there and there are many ways to get to the tower, bus, taxi, private car, cable car or by walking. We purchased a round trip ticket (8500 won) to take the cable car. However, I would RECOMMEND PURCHASING A SINGLE TRIP (6500) and walk down, you can see the amazing views of seoul as you make your way down plus it is relatively easy to walk down with the cool wind keeping you nice and cool. Really peaceful! -There are quite a few restaurants and cafes at the base of the tower, which are reasonably priced. -There are souvenir shops and an Olive Young (beauty store). -We didn't go up to the tower but stayed at the base of the tower to admire the views, the views were nice enough at the base. -If you are a couple, go to the Love tunnel. -Stay from 7pm to 9pm to see the sun set and the city night lights. -If you are with friends and family: battle it out at the game arcade (1000 won per game!)
Beautiful view
This was a beautiful view and it is in a lovely area. We went at sunset on Tuesday and it was crazy busy. We spent a lot of time in line and a lot of time walking, up hills and up stairs. There is an elevator to the observatory and we took the cable car up, as well. Still a lot of walking.
Cool views at night!
I was a bit nervous taking the cable car to the tower, but I really enjoyed it & I would to it again. I visited the tower at night, lots of nice things around the foot of the tower - shops, food, bars, and artwork. The view at night was very good, would like to have done it during the day too. It's cheap to go up the tower and it was worth doing. 
Tower with a view
N Seoul Tower is not very tall in comparison to other towers but the attraction was very worthwhile. Admission is about 8500 won (approx 8 USD) which includes a cable car ride to the tower base offering great city views. Try going near sundown to get a clear view of the city, sunset and city lights. The colorful love locks are a great attraction gimmick. Great for couples.
Nice view at night
Nice view you shoul try the cable car and the escalator its nice experience. Try to send postcard to your country from here, the postcard arrived 2 weeks after i sent it. The view at night was great we can see fireworks from there. 
great view of Seoul, go to the restaurant so you don't have to pay
I used to go here often when I had visitors. They charge to go up there, but if you eat at one of the restaurants, you don't have to pay for the ticket. The food is relatively expensive, around $40 per head, but the restaurant food is really good and well worth it. You can choose where to eat and what you like. Definitely worth going. It gets busy during the weekend, so better to avoid then. 
Nice view of Seoul
Visited with friends the Tower of Seoul which is in the centre of the city. You have a nice 360 degree view and a nice visit.
Some lovely views
A nice place and well worth visiting with your loved one. There is a big focus on celebrating love.Quite a boring walk up and down, well worth getting the bus.
Top of Seoul 
We walked up a little way in the park to get to Seoul Tower. What is great about the tower is that you do not have to go to the top to see the view as it is on top of a high point! The base is great as it has lots of platforms on many levels which all have free access and provide great views of the city! The love locks all over it are very cute and colourful! If you do want to go to the top it is also reasonably priced. Recommend a visit!
Above it all
Loved this visit. It was fairly clear day to see as far as one can. Loved the Korean cultural performances of dances and martial arts. Spectacular. Took lots of photos. 
Picturesque 
Main attraction is the Observation deck offering an astonishing 360 degree panoramic view over the city. That why it is so popular with the locals and visitors. Although its touristy, it is still one of the must see when in Seoul. There is also a spacious wooden deck on top of the N Plaza whose exotic atmosphere makes it very popular with lovers. The Locks of Love attraction where thousands of padlocks attached to the fence by romantics Seoulites and visitors symbolizing their undying love and affection. There are numerous restaurants in the plaza. There is an entrance fee to go up the observation deck, but it is free to enjoy the rest of the attractions in the park. 
Nice to place to see Seoul from the top!
It was easy to get there by bus (thanks to T-Mobile and mobile Google Maps). Once there, you can quickly get tickets to reach the top of the tower (I was there on a Monday morning and the place was not crowded).You can get there by a cable car (other ticket to pay) but I chose to get down by this cable car instead of getting a bus again.There are some places to eat there. The place is also very wooded as several parts of Seoul (congratulations to you, Koreans).Nice trip to see Seoul from the top!
View of Seoul
We spent almost three hours in this place. It's an amazing view of Seoul, 360 degrees. Some good restaurants and coffee shops at the base of the tower. We were surprised to find the Love Locks in an area when you get off the Sky Lift. It's amazing to see the 100 of thousands of Locks place on the railings in the area. I was told it's better to go up there at night to view the lights around the city, but we enjoyed our afternoon visit.
View was okay
The view was okay. You can take a cable car up to the tower or you can walk it up the hill. There are better things to do than getting up on the tower.
Worth a visit to gain perspective of the city of Seoul
The cable car ride up to the tower is enjoyable. Seoul is not an attractive city so views aren't spectacular but worth going up the tower to look out over this enormous city. We had a very clear day with good views to the mountains. The area at the top near the tower is quite pleasant also.
Not amazing but OK
We've been in many towers around the globe and this one probably excited us the least.Though you can have a good view of the city and maybe the sunset timing in a clear sky day would make it much better.There is a free shuttle bus which can bring you there from the nearest subway station to avoid climbing the hill walking. Ask your hotel for information.The cable car cost 8500 and the tower ticket another 10000. Almost 20 USD/pers - maybe a bit too much...Enjoy!
Love it
I walked up to the cable car station from my hostel. I visited N Seoul Tower in the evening, very nice view. I enjoyed my time here.
Beautiful Night in the City
This review is for a visit made to Namsan Tower in May17.N Seoul Tower, also known as Namsan Tower, has been featured in many Korean dramas. It is famous for being the 'go to' place with your partner to place a lock on the available fixtures, thereby 'locking' your love for each other. My partner and I decided to make a trip up on a weekday night. From our hotel in Myeongdong, we walked to the cable car station and boarded the cable car that took us to Namsan Tower. At times, the cable car can be pretty filled up as the ushers try to pack in as many visitors as possible at once. That said, the short journey makes it bearable. The area was not very crowded while we were there and hence, we could really enjoy what the place had to offer. The atmosphere was great and the air was cold and crisp. We ended up taking a leisurely night stroll around the area, browsing in the gift shops, immersing ourselves in the beautiful scenery and of course, doing the love lock thingy! Overall, a very great first experience at Namsan Tower and I would recommend that those who have not been there before to visit at least once just for the experience. Not sure if it makes a difference whether you visit in the day or night but night time certainly seems to bring out the magic!
Great view area
The observation deck is absolute amazing. Not only it's the tallest point in Seoul, it has beautiful unobstructed view. It's pure and fantastic. If you come to Seoul, definitely need to come here. 
Beautiful tower
I visited N Seoul Tower during the month of February. Thou its was a very cold time to visit. The place was simply amazing. I had a great time at looking for souvenirs and checking out the view of Seoul form the tower. 
Love locks and observatory at Namsan Tower!
A typical tourist spot but definitely a must-see! Loved the love locks and the views from the observatory deck. We took the cable car to the tower because we had hiked enough during our visit to South Korea. The lovely colorful locks were everywhere! I spent some time reading the messages on the locks and then headed to the base, where we were pleasantly surprised to see traditional korean dances and martial arts being performed. We were thrilled to be able to catch some of that and then headed down via the cable car and straight to Myeongdong for more shopping. Enjoyed our pleasant eventful day at Namsan Tower!
What do you expect? It is a tower.
I've known a lot of couples who visited here just to do the "locks" --also, if you have children make sure you take locks.The tower is a tower. Many people, including myself, dreaded visiting here because it is such a tourist hot spot. Sure, ride a cable car! Ahhhhh - what fun~ Sarcasm aside, if you're a romantic then go take your picture beside your locks that you attach to a fence or structure and have a great memory and upload your pics on social media to prove your love.I guess if you're in the area do it. If you're a tourist do it just to tell people you did it. If you're in Seoul for only a few days then I suggest you make unique memories elsewhere.The area around has a bit of nature but some days are jam packed with busloads of tourists. 
Perfect view of Seoul at night....
On a clear night, a fantastic view of one of the most vibrant cities of the world..... plenty of gastro choices and ways to get up to the mount.
TOWER VISIT
quick visit of tower on May/2017.well organized and good facilities available , i walked all the way to top of the hill , there was a long queue at cable car station due to weekend but my plan was walking even before i arrived to station .would like to suggest visitor to go there but not on weekends !
Beautiful scenery
Affordable tickets to view all of Seoul from the tower.The souvenirs sold inside are also affordable.Went there during the day.Will try going during the night next time.
Didn't enjoy it. It was a foggy night
The tower was quite high and one can see the view of Hanyang River. However I didn't enjoy it was it was foggy that evening. Perhaps it was due to post-rain. Maybe if it was sunny, it would have been a better experience
Seoul Symbol
A must if you are in seoul coz this is the symbol of seoul, just search for the internet on how to get here and be ready to walk uphill. you can also find here the famous love locks
Nice view
There is a shuttle bus to the cable car station. You can wait at the exit 3 Myeongdong station, but this time I chose to walk up to the hill :) Namsan tower area also have many photo spots area,, also a lot of restaurant available.
Sunning views of Seoul!
We rode the cable car going to N Seoul Tower. it was an amazing experience because of the stunning views of the city! There are thousands of love locks that sorrounded the place. The place with all the love locks! N Seoul tower is one of the important landmarks of Seoul. This iconic tower is a frequented tourist spot nowadays. A must visit!
Great views of the city
Very easy to get to the tower. The peak has some great views of the city. Other than that not much else to do.
Like all towers in the world, it's a tourist trap and overpriced.
It's a tower.....that says it all. Overpriced and touristy. A plus is that it is situated in a lovely park that has beautiful views of the city, so you don't have to go in the tower. The aerial tram ride is horrendous because they treat visitors like cattle, we were literally pushed against the windows in the smoldering heat....To be fair, when your at the top of the tower you have beautiful views of the city.
Beuatiful at night.
I was there late in the evening or early night. Very pleasant and beautiful view over Seoul. The tower is beautifully lit Korean style and I love it.
Beautiful
This is the first place i go when i arrive in Seoul. Beautiful at night. Went up the tower, nothing much up there, only for the city night view. Took the cable car to go up the hills as we are short of time. There's a free shuttle bus to get to the cable car entrance but you need to ask first as they on write "shuttle bus" on the bus and we got the bus by coincidence.
Weather
We went up to N Seoul Tower by bus. It was a rainy day and there were mist all over Seoul, so we didn't go all the way up in the tower. But the view was til great. If we had more time in Seoul we would have went up there on a sunny day og clear night.
Very Through and fun
Second day in Seoul and we decided to go to the Seoul tower to check it out. Best and fastest way to get there would be by taking the cable car (unless you want to do a steep hike). The cable car station is pretty high up, so you have to go pretty uphill. However google maps tells you to go is alright, but if you're not in a rush, there is a slanted elevator you can take. The elevator entry is on Sogong-ro road across from a Cafe that starts with a "M" (I can't quite remember the name). Fast forward to the part where we arrive on the other side of the mountain where the Seoul tower is located, you have to climb quite some stairs. There is a long wall of colorful locks, that you can buy there or bring yourself. The wall is long colorful. Once you walk a little farther, there is a little patio where it is a great spot to take a picture. You probably will have an issue getting the whole photo of the tower, so if you have an iPhone, you can do a panorama up and down. Around the Seoul tower there are many cafes and a few restaurants. If you buy tickets to go up the tower, the view is breathtaking! On your way out, you will have to take a flight of stairs to the floor below the watch deck. There is a beautiful bathroom there that has the view of Seoul in the stalls. While you are doing your business, you can also see the big city at the same time. Overall, I enjoyed the attraction, and highly recommend that you go too!!
Night view
N tower has a great night view when you go up by cable car, the cable car kinda shaky at first but I think it is safe. There are lot of attractions too.(teddy bear museum and marvel museum).Please check on my vlog for more information (EN CHANNEL): search by title#4 TRAVEL BLOG DAY 3 JEJU - SEOUL - NAMSAN TOWER
Overlooking and cool place
I've been to Namsam twice. You can go up there by walking or cablecar. Going up to cable car just cross the street across Sejong Hotel and beside exit 3 of Myeondong Station you can find in the corner the 7 eleven store, check the road and there is arrow sign with the namsan tower drawing, follow it going up. Cable car will open at 10 am and it costs SKW 8,000 per pax round trip. If you want to go up to Observatory it will cost SKW10,000 but for me theres not much see in the observatory. Taking pictures at the ground floor is much fun.
Birdseye view of seoul
Not a must see but this tower certainly has a great view of Seoul and is especially worth a visit close to sunset to see the many lights of the super-city Seoul come on. It can get pretty crowded up the top!
A must visit!
Going up here was memorable as we literally walked up the hill to get here. My friend bought the package tickets with popcorn and drink and it was worth it. The view of the city is stunning!! 
A number of free tickets for this entry....
I did not go there, but noted that several duty free shops were giving out its entry tickets as gifts for purchases. So for those that would shop at duty free shops, just take the chance to get the free tickets then. Enjoy!!
Good tourist spot
little far from central. seoul tower is a good tourist spot. surrounded with greenery and beautiful view. it is one of the must visit places in seoul. you can visit this place in city tour bus or a taxi which is not cheap in seoul. 1-2 hours are enough for this spot.overall worth a visit.
Must see for tourist
Catch the bus near myeongdong station which goes all the way to the tower. A bit of hilly walking is still required. We did not pay to go inside since the attractions outside itself are enough. There are number of floors to visit which are free. Outside they allow free hanbok trial. THere is also a show.
Ability to see a huge city
I really like this place. Me and my friend didn't take a cableway, we walked the way up. It was in late August, very hot weather during the day, but it was worth in the huge queue. If you like walking, you can do it. It's really nice way up with super clean toilets and nice views. Up, we bought tickets, waited something around 30-40 minutes (you can take pictures etc..no big deal) and then went up by escalator. The view on the city is breathtaking, I really recommend. We had a nice weather, so we saw longer distance (choose to go there where there is a nice weather). There is a space to take pictures... And the last recommendation. Use the bathroom. The view from toilets is one of the best, I have ever had from that type of place :). 
Watch the city light up!
What a fun place to visit! Arrived before sunset , was first in the queue to take the chairlift to the summit. Lots to explore at the top including the millions of colourful locks on long stretches of walls and also shaped into tall cone structures. I was almost the only tourist amongst the crowds of Koreans who clearly love this destination. A number of viewing platforms give the perfect vantage point to watch the dazzling display of city lights that turn on at dusk. Hint- taxis in Korean were very reasonable and many waiting outside so got a taxi back to my hotel taking only a few miniutes. 
A loo with a view :D
Well, would it be very weird to say that highlight of my visit was toilet trip?)The thing is that there are cabins with panoramic view there and I bet you gonna take couple of pictures while there.Apart from that N Tower is the highest city viewing deck and I guess that in sunny weather view is awesome. On my visit day it was a bit foggy.Cable cars were closed that day so I had to get there by bus and on the way back I had to wait for ages to get back to the city. That was the only downside.The park around tower is nice as well.
One of the beautiful landmarks in seoul
Dont forget to ride the cable car when going up. Your camera and of course your special someone. Its where love birds can have a date hehe
Good place for Seoul city view
Suggest to visit during evening time and you can have a good view of Seoul city as well as the sunset. Night time might be a little crowded. Take a short cable car ride to reach the bottom of Seoul tower where you can find an observatory deck, some cafes and restaurants.
Viewing tower located up in the hill
You can come to N Seoul Tower either by cable car or bus, better still to try both. We took cable car on the way there and took bus on the way back to town. Very nice view from the tower top and the cool weather is another plus point.
Fun
Exciting, entry to the top is expensive but worth it. Area before tower has a lot of viewing spaces and refreshments.
Disappointing (Too Be Fair It was Raining)
I had read that the activities around the tower were fun, so we went up to the tower even though it was raining and overcast. Maybe the activities would be fun for a small child, but I was not entertained. The toy museum and the hello kitty museum just looked kind of pathetic from the outside, so we didn't pay to go in those. The arcade was sad, mostly claw machines (we had already experienced a claw machine arcade and lost several thousand won because the claw jolts too much).
Average
When on in the tower, windows were quite dirty so we didn't really get a good view. The outdoor view was definitely much better. There are many restaurants but my favourite was definitely the fried chicken restaurant(really good and spicy)! 
Nice View
Namsan Tower has nice view because you can see beautiful cities Seoul city on top of Namsan Tower. I prefer to go at night than noon, the reason why when you go at night you can see a beautiful lights. And if we purchase with MasterCard, we can get a 15% discount.
Loved the view from the top
One of the must-do-things when visiting Seoul. The view from the top of the tower was beautiful. Tickets can be purchased from various websites online which are generally cheaper than buying on the spot.
Nice view
Nice aerial view of Seoul. The easiest way to get there is on the Hop On Hop Off bus. But it's dufficult for PWDs and senior citizens to climb the steep slope 
Healthy tourist spot..
Because involving walking uphill a bit to get there..quite sweating eventhough its autumn hehe..the view from tower and love padlock thing quite amusing..worth to see..
Bit of a honeymoon trap but great views
Iconic place in middle of Seoul. Ate in Korean restaurant which included trip up to viewing deck Weather didn't cooperate but enjoyed it anyway. Very busy with dating and honeymoon couples - sweet to see. 
Spectacular city view
Incredible views of city. If you hike up the hill, you will get a major workout! Definitely recommend it to anyone visiting.
All trails lead to the tower
The tower is an icon in Seoul. It also messages air quality to the masses with its color displays. Best part about the tower is the great hiking trails all around. The city wall trail even courses nearby 
Magnificent view 
Easy to combine with visits to Namdeon market and Myeongdong district. The cable car trip was short and enjoyable. The additional ticket up the tower was worth it as you can appreciate the shear expanse of the city and pockets of diversity. Thanks for the vote if you found this review helpful.
Great!
A pleasant visit. We take the bus to go up and walk down on return. Not many people and we could enjoy the time. If the weather was better would make this visit perfect.
Lovely view!
The view from the top of N Seoul Tower is amazing and the cable car ride up is also stunning! From Myeongdong station, it's not a long walk to the cable car station, though it is all uphill with a decent set of stairs at the end. There is also a shuttle bus from Myeongdong station to the cable car but we just walked. N Seoul Tower should definitely be done at night, when the tower is lit up and so is all of Seoul. One of the most amazing things about the tower is definitely the bathrooms, make sure you pay them a visit before you head back down! We didn't spent long at the top, it's actually a pretty small area, there is a small gift shop and lolly shop, however the gift shop at the base of the tower has a much better range. 
Absolutely breathtaking
This is one of the stops in the Hop On Hop Off Bus A. It's a long climb up the hill but the view is worth it at the Observation deck. We already tried the N Seoul Burger with fries and drinks and it was actually good to the palate. Love lock is where couples put their names in padlocks along the perimeter walls. Suggest you stay for only an hour or two at the most so one can try the other stops in the bus. 
Expensive Tickets - Beautiful Views
We took the cable car up and then went to the top of the tower. The views were beautiful. Even at the bottom of the tower there are great views of the city so if you don't want to spend the money on tickets it would be worth going to the area. We bought our tickets from Klook which gave a discount. 
Well built on the mountain, have a number of shops and restaurants, not so high..
Seoul Tower is easily accessible by a few number of buses, we can see the Seoul City all around, however the tower is not so tall, there are a number of restaurants and starbuck coffee to serve you, if you have time, I will recommend you to go.. 
The front ticket office can't speak English well 
I was lost in exchanging my ticket from my discover Seoul passIt was disappointing It was rainy in Seoul but I have to see the place as it says it's a must see I'm a tourist and the locals they can hardly speak English . The ticketing iffice asked me to go down in exchange of ticket the other ones asked me to go up My pass expires and I can't get no ticket but with some rage in my face at least the ticketing office issued me Misunderstanding misleading and nothing special here Rode a cable car for a fee since its slippery and raining 
N Seoul
I believe it is a most visit place in Seoul .. I love how it is located at top of mountain.. Very beautiful views at the way to Tower very green forest and I saw many people hiking to the tower.. The ticket is not experience and there are many good romantic places that lovers would love to see and leave some memories.. For example writing on walls, Hanging locks.. Also many shop stors that offer beautiful souvenirs but they are expansive.. Also there are areas for children to play 
Best toilet view, don't be shy
Pulling out your camera and take the best toilet view in Seoul. The sign said you can and encourage you to ( pointing out the windows, of course)
Extremely gorgeous
This place was one of the top places that I wanted to visit during my stay in Seoul, and it definitely wasn't a disappointment. As an individual you have the option of taking the bus up the hill or making the hike, but mind you it's a pretty steep and LONG hike. Once at the top there is a fee to go up the tower, but seriously it's only 10 dollars. You should definitely do it! I purchased a lock to put on the famous fence of locks because I'm cheesy like that, but if you're into that kind of stuff it's great for couples. Going to the top of the tower was amazing, but I suggest doing it during the evening to get a few view of Seoul at night, you won't be disappointed. 
Beautiful
Went with my friends, it was beautiful. Since it rained when we were there, we just bought some ice cream and chilled at one of the covered decks near the restaurants.
Excellent view of Seoul
We booked our Namsan Tower tickets through Trazy.com as it was cheaper than buying on site. We did not have to queue up at the ticket counter and we went up the tower without wasting any time queueing up. The view from the tower at night was breathtaking. There was bus service to the tower from different parts of town. A must visit attraction of Seoul.
Breath Taking Views
Wow. 88 floors up. Super fast elevators, breath taking views. Even though it was raining on the day we went up the tower it was well worth it.
Great panoramic views of the city
We walked around 10 minute from Myeongdong station where our hotel was located to the cable car spot. The roundtrip ticket to Seoul tower was W8,000, but the line was a bit long. The views were spectacular at night and there are also lots of cute spots like the tunnel of love and entertainment places. Going up the Seoul tower is also not expensive, but the views are really nice.
Must Visit, come early... 
A must see for everyone visiting seoul. Hi-Tech elevator! Gives you the feel of ascending up in the sky! Make sure to pose for a nice souvenir picture, you'll have to pay 12,000 won if you like it though. But it's worth it, you'll get to choose different background. The love locks are cute, but gets too crowded, so try to come as early as possible to get a better & clear picture spot! Enjoy! :-)
Smog
A good walk to lift, not a good idea if it's a summer's day and humid. We got the single trip up and got the bus back. Good to see traffic when not driving. Unfortunately didn't see to far due to smog . It was still good to see how vast the city is.
Stop in the men's room at the top for the best urinal view! 
Walked all the way up to the base of the tower through the park (a gondola is also available, but the walk was maybe 40 minutes and some good exercise). Nice views from the top and decent elevator experience, but the Lotte World tower is much better (Though almost triple the price, 27000 won compared to only 10000).
Best city observatory so far! 
The observation deck is worth to go! We enjoyed the night view of Seoul City with its complex street lights and beautiful mountains surrounding the city. Some good gimmicks are put on the glass windows, which tells you how far other cities in the world is from the tower. 
amazing view
amazing view, fun, interesting, pleasant, easy to reach, pleasant walking around, nice souvenir shops
Put my lock of Love from Hawaii on the fence
I made sure to bring a Hawaiian charm and a lock with me so I could place it on the fence up at N. Seoul Tower! If you are a Korean Drama fan or on a trip with your loved one, this is a must do activity!!! 
Love Locks and More!
Enjoyed every bit in here. A great place for a photo-op or just chilling at one of the cafes. One of Seoul's landmarks.
First snow
We went there by cable car, but we only bought one way ticket and we got back by bus. It's recommended to go there because it was very famous especially in korean drama.
Nice but not super impressive
Our hotel has a shuttle that dropped us off at the cable car so we decided to take that up to the tower. Also because some family members did not wear appropriate shoes... It was earlier in the morning so no line at all. The cable car ride only took about 10 minutes. You're in between trees so the view is just ok. I would have preferred to walk up and recommend it for anyone who is capable and willing.Walking around underneath the tower, there were some areas with ok views. Unfortunately it was a little smoggy that day so you can't see very clearly for long. We got a couple ice cream cones and sat in the back with tables and panoramic glass window looking towards Gangnam. Unfortunately the would be relaxing experience was many times ruined by people dragging chairs across the concrete that creates the most horrific high pitched sound. Given the less than ideal visibility, we didn't pay additional to go up to the top of the tower. I think if the weather was better, especially if you have a clear night, that would have been much nicer.
Good views day or night
You can visit the N S Tower day or night, there are some great views of the city. There is a metro station at the bottom of the hill but it is a steep walk up, even to get the cable car. It will depend how fit you are. There was a show on during our visit which my husband enjoyed but I found it deafening. There are other viewing towers in Seoul for example the Lotte Tower which is newer and higher but it is more expensive. We didn't go up the Lotte Tower because we had already gone up the N S Tower. My advice would be to choose one tower as to do them all is pricey for a similar view.If there are an Elvis Presley fans reading, There is a small free museum that might be worth 10 minutes of your time. It is run by a husband and wife who are obvious fans. It is at the beginning of the hill on your left going up. Nice Pasta and Pizza, coffee shop on the opposite side of the street. Sorry can't remember the name. There are eating places up in the tower area but they are more expensive.
A 360* View of Seoul
N Seoul Tower is a must-go-to place when in Seoul. The best time to be there is an hour before sunset. That way, you can see the city daytime and then, transition to nighttime.Be prepared for an uphill walk leading to the cable car and leading to the tower itself. You can get discounts for the cable car when booked online. .
Go there at night!
The night view is fabulous. There are several ways to go there. Cable car, buses, taxi, walk! I recomend take buses with a bit of walk to top.
Look out to Beautiful Seoul
This place is a must when you visit Seoul. The tower can be seen from all over the city. At night it is lit to beatification. In the day it's not as awe inspiring but still a sight for sore eyes. Get to namsan park head towards the cable car and then you're half way up! The park at the bottom of the tower is lovely so if you don't want to go up the tower the park has lots to offer too. Three stages, namsan park, bottom of the tower where you can wander around and eat and choose from a range of restaurants and the final stage the top of the shop! Make sure you head there on a clear day.
Beautiful view from the toilet
We paid for dinner at Hancock which came with admission to the viewing deck. We were there from 6 and stayed till 8 plus. It allowed us to enjoy both day and night views. The best view of sunset was from the toilet where there was full length glass window to offer wonderful view of Seoul. When we left at night, the tower was beautifully lit and the windy weather made the walk down to the bus area such a joy.
Check out the toilets... 
Located atop Namsan Hill right in the middle of metropolitan Seoul, the N Seoul Tower is a must-see attraction whenever you are in this city. As with any mighty lofty tower, you can be assured of a breathtaking view all round, but the extent of what you can see is dependent on the weather. Nevertheless, it is still a worthwhile visit as the journey there is an adventure itself - strenuous uphill walking, nervy cable car ride and ear-popping speedy ride up the high-speed lift. Oh, do check out the toilet at the observatory deck, which comes with a view to kill for.
Namsam Tower!
Visiting N seoul tower was one of the highlights of my trip! - You can jog, walk up the stairs to get to the tower or you can ride the cable car. - We went here at night so seeing the lights of seoul was a good sight to see. - When you get near the N tower, there are different restaurants you can eat in and enjoy the view! There are also stores you can buy different items in. - There are also areas where in you can put "love locks".- There are areas you can take pictures where in the "hallyu" stars or korean actresses and actors have been in. - There is a mini traditional common area that you can take pictures in- There's a game area, starbucks and alot more interactive parts below the tower.- It's completely free to visit the tower from a view, but if you want more (like go up the tower and eat there...you will have to pay.) :) 
Worth the walk
I decided to walk up and even tho I was lost 1 hour b4 I found the right path I do not regret this site!I walked from my hotel and it was worth the walk. There is lots of stairs up to where the tower is. You can definitely walk. I am not that athletic but it was ok to walk up. I rested few times. There was a place to take pictures half way up....good place to rest your tired legs. Don't forget to bring water!!When I was up there the tower is....i decided NOT to go up on the tower. Bcuz the wiew was so awesome at where I was that the tower it self was not needed. Ofc for those that want to go up to the tower....its worth it I am sure....but I just sat there on til of that mountain...under the tower and watched ppl and the wiew. That was one of my best moments in Seoul...so lovely!I drank coffee at the cafe and the wiew was like a dream!I warmly recommend this experience! I walked down the mountain too....it was much easier to go down 
Great view
Must see this place. You get a great view of the city of Seoul. It's beautiful in the spring as the trees and flowers add a touch of colors to the surrounding and cooler temperature too.
Good for Picture and enjoy the sunset
We walk from Myeongdong to the Tower, it was little bit tiring, but it was worth for the view on the Seoul tower.We enjoy the sunset and the view, and of course the beautiful night. There's a souvenir shop and few restaurant there. Nice place to visit when u in Seoul.
A must to see if you visited Seoul 
We had our first experiences touching snow here and it's so memorable for us Nice view and a place for couple
Romantic!
It provides good view of the city. There's a mall inside so you can get some stuff and souvenirs, but a bit pricy. Locks of love is romantic even at day time. We went there by bus which was a good idea than walking since we're not used to long walks and it's uphill. Very tiring! If you plan to put locks there, bring your pen! You have to pay for a pen. We felt shy to borrow. 
Not my cup of tea
If you are feeling energetic you can walk up to the Tower, if not there's a cable car. The Tower itself is just an excuse to part you from your money with lots of shopping and eating opportunities. The view is probably best at sunset but during the day there's a lot of smog and frankly all there is to see is high rise buildings for miles in all directions.
Prize on top of Namsan Park
To get to this place you either take a cable car or climb all the way up 1.5 kilometers. This is a tower that can overlook the whole of Seoul. But to access the top you would need an entry fee of about 10,000 won. 
Quite okay
We went in the evening. The observation deck was quite small. Views were quite nice. Public transport can get quite crowded. Toilets have a great view though! :)
Worth a visit
We walked up to the tower in 20 minutes, it was not as challenging as we originally thought. Once you reach the base of the tower, there are a number of restaurants and shops. The views of Seoul were amazing and it was well worth for a visit.However as the views were so good from the base we decided not to go up the tower.
Good landmark for Seoul
Very good to explore Seoul from the top of the tower. Many restaurants at the tower that you can have dinner with your family in any special occasion.
Great Views !!
The N Seoul Tower is built very recently and gives a fantastic view of the city. I visited the top of the tower at the sunset time and this it would be the best time to visit. The transition of the daylight to night city lights is beautiful.
Great views of Seoul at night
My wife and I went to the Tower in the evening for 2 reasons - eat at the N Grill restaurant on the top floor and see the views. Luckily we had a sunny evening so we were treated to stunning views of the sunset over Seoul. You are very high up and so the views are amazing. I thought the Observatory Deck was pretty much the only attraction but I was really surprised to see that there is actually quite a bit to see and do there with a lot of shops on each floor. So I recommend you allow for about 2 hours of time there. Getting there is very easy, cable car or a bus. If by bus, take the number 2 bus from Chungmuro Station (outside the cinema) and it takes about 20 minutes to the Tower stop. From there it's a five minute walk uphill to the Tower.
One of the landmarks in seoul
Seoul Namsan tower or N-Seoul tower is one of the popular land mark in Seoul. You can enjoy the whole view of Seoul from the top of the tower. There are traditional program are being held everyday in the evening time. Recommended to visit at good day when the sky is clean. If you want to enjoy the night view visit in evening or night time. You cannot go there by taxi! Take bus form Chungmuro station. 
A brand new namshan tower
Love the new outlook of namshan tower. Fresh air. Love locks expanded. Best place for sunset.Would suggest the route via bus to namshan tower instead of the cable car.
Go just before sunset to capture both day and night views. Don't need to pay for tower, good city views in free areas
We went to the tower just before sunset so we could capture both day and night views. I have seen this in many k-dramas so it was wonderful to see in person. We decided to take the lift up but didn't realise how long the line was. If you don't mind walking up it may save you some time. The tower is impressive and there are many photo opportunities around. We didn't go up the tower as it was an additional cost and the day we went was foggy hindering good views. We felt it wouldn't add many city views as the free areas had fabulous cityscape views. There are a lot of exhibitions to look at but some are additional costs. The highlight of these exhibition has to be the stunning dresses in the hanbok museum.
Beautiful place for a panaromic view of the city.
For people who like to write and send out postcards - here's the perfect place to do it. They sell lovely postcards up at the tower and there's a very convenient postbox just for sending out them. It's a great view up there and you'll be able to take beautiful pictures in a fine day. There's also the fence down at the tower for couples to hang their love lockets onto it and take some memorable photos around. Overall, it's a relaxing place to chill out and quite a romantic place for couples to hang out. 
Romantic
Came here with my boyfriend. During the day it's nice with a lot of vendors and families out walking around eating street food. At night it's more of a date spot with only couples walking around taking photos, writing their initials on love locks and locking them on the bridge, holding hands etc. It's very romantic. 
Nice to go on our first night
We enjoyed going up to N Tower on our first afternoon. In hindsight, not sure I'd go again. The cable car was OK (after waiting 45mins) & being crammed in. The complex is looking & feeling old. Nice view though, and good place to get your bearings.
Beautiful view of the city
This is a must see attraction. Take the cable car to access it and enjoy the calm even when it is crowded. Vegetation surrounds your path. Soothing
Passable
It's just a normal observation tower, passable. Nothing really stands out compared to other towers in other big cities. I noticed that there were quite number of shops at the observation deck, selling souvenirs, sweets, popcorn, etc. The area at the bottom of the tower is actually more interesting. There are love locks, cafes, unique shopping area, and empty spaces for performances.
Expensive and not worth the trip 
It is a much better idea to hike to the top and look around the area and then take a bus down again. Do not spend the money getting all the way to the top because there are other ways to see much better views here in Seoul. 
Nice view
There is a nice view also with a cable car.Better if it was sunny. Nice park under the tower so you can walk down
Great Hike/Beautiful View
This is a great spot, a must-see on your trip to Seoul. The Tower offers the best views of the city, even if you don't pay to go up inside the tower, itself. There are buses and a cable car that will take you mostly to the top of the hill. There are also hiking paths accessible from more than one spot. There is handicapped parking available if you drive, but it isn't exactly clear how to drive up there. Food vendors, Hello Kitty shop and other shops available for souvenirs. And, of course, lots of photos ops. 
Nice path to climb up Namsan Tower 
Love the view from Namsan Tower, night view definetely the best time to go. I did both day and night. I really recomend night time as it is more calmer and romantic. 
Typical tourist site 
I am confident that the views are great from the tower, but by just walking around the tower entrance area you can see how it is full of rip offs like expensive museums, sweets, coffee, etc. if that's your thing then do it. I did enjoy the great free views around the park and if the tier itself from the outside though.
Great view with unmotivated staffs
Went on the cable car ride up to Seoul tower station. Cable car was squeezy full with no space to take a picture. Wonder what's the capacity?Bought a combo for 2 which comes with a popcorn (chose within 4 Flavours) 2 soda drinks. Proceed to the photo taking Station, staff there were rushing through with the crowd. Went up the lift to the observation deck. Deck is reasonably space out with some folks lying on the resting area while waiting for nightfall for the night view. Staffs were talking within themselves and lol probably at their own jokes. Staffs snacking away the candies (Weeny Beeny).Well the view is beautiful, probably the staff needs some motivation to make the tourist to have a more memorable moment.Definitely a great view!!
N Seoul Tower
I will said, there is nothing special. Because i was there during day time and you can have some nice view and the weather is cool. 
Not worth the time...
It was more interesting at the bottom of the tower than the top. Some towers stand out due to architecture, some due to the elevators, some due to the educational value, some due to props inside...Unfortunately, this tower didn't stand out for any positive attributes. It wasn't very educational or special in any way.*Health warning!*: If you have photosensitive epilepsy, DO NOT go to this attraction! There are no warning signs nor does anyone try warn you of anything out of norm. I don't have this condition, but I got really dizzy in the elevator. They turn on really loud thumping music with flashing lights of a fake night sky. I want to say there were mirrors all around to make the elevator feel bigger and it intensified the experience. It felt like a rave party in there and you're trapped until the elevator opens. Due to the discomfort, the ride for me probably felt longer than it really was. In my opinion, the special effects were totally unwarranted. I rather they spend the money into giving some scientific information about the tower and landscape at the top. 
Think before you go (Total waiting time: 3-4 hours)
I was not really interested in going to the tower as the appearance of the tower is not appealing (to me). But with Discover Seoul Pass I can access here for free, so I asked myself: Why not give it a chance?Sadly it just turned out to be disappointing, and even worse than what I have expected. My boyfriend and I went there at night, there were long queues for the lift to the cable car as well as for the cable car itself. It took us almost an hour to reach the entrance of the N Seoul Tower. Upon presenting our Discover Seoul Passes, we were told that we had to wait for another hour before we could queue up for the lift that could take us to the observation deck as crowd control measures (people queue up by batch) was underway. When we finally arrived at the observation deck, we only took a few photos of ordinary cityscape at night and soon decided to depart (stayed for around 10 mins) as we saw that there was another long queue for returning to the ground level. The route reversed but the outcome was the same - we had to wait in a long queue for the cable car again. With tired, aching legs, the already long waiting time seemed like an eternity. I swear I will never go there again as I have already spent an eternity there.
Great Place to Visit
We went here on our first day in Seoul and it is a good escape from the busy city (it is still busy but as it is set in the mountains and in a forest you escape the built up areas). We went up n the cable car, which can get very busy I'm told, but was a reasonable wait when we went. (Go on weekdays). The views were amazing and it was a really nice experience.
Amazing View of Seoul
You can see the panoramic view of Seoul from N-Seoul Tower. It will be also very crowded as its one of the main attraction of Seoul. Too much couples everywhere Hahaha (am sad) loljkUnfortunately, didn't try the love lock haha Hmmm maybe next time :P
Just go
Located at Mount Namsan right smack in the middles of Seoul, it offers the best 360° view of the whole city. Often the site of Kdrama scenes, it's become more popular lately so I suggest to go there early before bus loads of tourists arrive. The mall below opens at 10am so with the food outlets. There's access via cable car to the tower so you can rest your tired feet and reserve your energy for more of Seoul's other attractions. Namsan is also a popular park where a lot of people jog, walk or just roam around specially in the mornings. For lovers, you can bring a padlock which you can lock and leave there as a similar to Paris. Don't leave Seoul without visiting.
Awesome experience 
There's just so much to do and pictures to take. A must see in Seoul, but walking up to the tower was a nightmare have some water and good shoes, you'll need it.
Pretty good views 
You get 360 degree views, it does get busy but worth it there are plenty of shops for eating and buying surveys, they is a cable car that takes you to almost the Base of the tower or you can catch a cab. 
Nice City view of Seoul
Namsan tower is one of the main spot to visit in Seoul. We enjoyed walking up to the tower and the scenery around is very nice. We enjoyed nice city view from the tower.
Namsan Tower - Beautiful view of Seoul
i would recommend visiting Namsan tower during dusk. That way you get to see Seoul in the daylight and also at night. the view at night is really spectacular. bring a jacket with you. if the wind is strong, you will get cool pretty quick . as it happened to us in May 2017.unfortunately during our visit, the tower was restricted. but the views from the lower floors was just as great. we went there by the municipal bus, which was cheap and easy. we caught the bus near a Myeong Dong metro station and it only took 20 mins and cost us KRW 1,200. The bus will bring you all the way up to the tower. but when you are ready to go home , do get to the bus stop when there is no queue. because if there is a long queue , you might end up standing in the bus due to the large number of passengers also going home. i don't advise walking - its a really long and hard climb from the bottom of the hill to Namsan tower. there are a number of restaurants up there , we ended up eating burgers with a fantastic view of Seoul city. but if you are on a budget, there is a convenience store near the Namsan bus stop , which sells instant noodle pots and some snacks.
Stunning night 
We came here to see the night view. It's about 10mins by taking cable car(but it's full of people, lined up for 30mins.:() It took us lots of time to line up and take transportation form central city, but the view truly worth waiting. Its a nice place for couples, so romantic to overview the city at night. 
Highly recommend!
Namsan tower is very nice spot. It is very nice, also challenging path to walk up to the tower but the scenery around is very nice. The views to the city from the tower was pretty awesome, especially at the sunset. However, there were so many tourists round to pose pictures that we couldn't get a space to enjoy the view.
Good - but be prepared!
So I visit soul city the last week in May for six days. My hotel had a direct view of the north Seoul tower or Namsan tower. I really wanted to spend one day and go visit it so I waited for a Sunday evening thinking this would be a great opportunity and a quiet time. I asked my hotel could I go to the tower by taxi and they say yes it would cost about $30 US. I got into the taxi and pointed at the picture that I had on my cell phone of the North Seoul tower and he departed the hotel. I did not know taxis and Individuals are not allowed to enter and drop you off at the north Seoul tower so he dropped me off at the cable car lift. The line for people waiting was approximately one hour. When I got up to the top of the lift I entered and bought my ticket for the tower observation deck. There was a lot of people upstairs but it was a pretty foggy night so the view was not great. Trying to get back down again you had the lineup for approximately 35 to 45 minutes to get the elevator back down again. All in all it was a good experience but would've been a lot better if it wasn't so foggy. I headed back to the cable car as I had bought a round trip ticket at 10:45 pm because the cable car was closing at 11 PM. The line to get into the cable car was approximately three times longer than the first time I got in coming up. I knew I would be stuck in the line for at least two hours. I ended up walking down the mountain in about 14 minutes. I still recommend this experience but I suggest two things: number one: you go there and make sure it's not a foggy day and number two: don't use the cable car unless you don't mind waiting, just use one of the city buses that are available to go up the side of the mountain to drop you off and return you back down afterwards.
看夜景，約會的地方
夜景很好，有小mall可以逛很適合情侶去可以用鎖鍊鎖在那便，寫上你跟另一半Good for coupleGood night viewingYou can bring a lock and lock at there with you and your partner name in it
Not really worth it
It costs 10000 won to get up there with the elevator and you're glased in a room with a bunch of expensive souvenir- and giftshops. No balconies or rooftop acces. The staff is friendly though.
WOW!
It's a very big tourist spot. We visited this place on a Wednesday night. It was difficult to find from the Metro. But we had a nice walk through the small winding steep roads. There is an easy access elevator to use, but we were on the wrong path. The views from the tower were great, since it was clear day. The shops were a little pricey. 
excellent scenic spot but nothing much
Nice to visit after getting the namsan cable ride. Nice view fo the city but again nothing to compare to HK Peak view
Great view on a clear day
Unfortunately in South Korea, very few days are clear...Even with this in mind, NST is a great destination and a must visit if you are on a short trip to Korea! We have been 3 separate times and enjoyed it each one. I definitely recommend being at the top after dark to see all of the city lights!
A little for everyone 
This is tge new and improved N Seoul tower. I was amazed by the view as well as the activities. If you go check the schedule as there are live performances. I even got a chance to spear a bamboo pole. The food is great the kids can visit an arcade as well as see how far away they are from home. Don't forget to go on the sky tram, and also have you camera ready. Wasn't expecting it but we spent the entire day there. Great fun and you could actually go for free.
What's the attraction here?
This was a disappointment. There is nothing especially notable in Seoul skyline! You can't see anything due to the smog and the dirty windows.
Nice view
Better go up by cable car, it's much special. Go in the evening and see the sunset, the view is nice and it's comfortable to walk around the peak. Landmark of Seoul!
Beautiful at night
This iconic land mark sits high atop the hill in Seoul. Take the tram up. This is particularly spectacular at night when it's lit up with colored lights.
Line, line and line
Just a line. Took my ticket around 7:30pm and asked if I would have to wait to go up : No! Great let's go ! Ended up waiting 1h to go up.The view is Ok, you can see Seoul by night. But Seoul ain't nothing special to see from an observatory by night. Moreover there are many light on the top floors which give reflect in many pictures...Sky restroom are not skywalk restroom but just with big windows.And then to go down. The queue started on the floor 5F, when the elevator is on the 4F.The complete 4F floor was just a line. Never saw that ! If you wanna go, buy your ticket on the lower area, where you can access the observatory. You can at least see how is the line.But seeing the tower without getting in is enough and you also have the view
it is a "wow" place
At this place you can spend the whole day. using the cable car is a very nice experience. Arriving at the top gives you the option to walk down or to re-sue the cable car. Every level of the tower has a lot of thing to see including kids activities. The only problem is you need to pay for every thing: $8 to use the cable car and then at each level you may need to pay similar amount to visit some place.
iconic view by night
Seoul tower by clear weather is really nice ! Seoulite atmosphere by night ! If there is a long queue for the cable car, you can walk as well ! 
Top of the Seoul summit
I just returned from the tower after not having known what to expect. I'd be underselling the experience if I didn't say it exceeded my best expectations. I've really grown to love Korea and plan on visiting again in the near future. The park itself is immaculate with well maintained trails that are somewhat physically taxing but the average person will be just fine. There are also cable cars for those less inclined to get to the top on foot. Halfway up the trail you'll find a few places to grab a few items to both eat and drink. The view gets increasingly more beautiful as you climb, with the top offering a spectacular and unobstructed view of beautiful Seoul. You'll find plenty of options for both food and drink at the summit and tickets to the observation deck are moderately​ priced. There is a quaint gift shop located here as well as more options to eat and drink. All in all a great experience for solo travelers, such as myself, to couples and entire families of all ages.
Not much there
Took the cable car up. The views were nice, but the tower felt like an abandoned mall, not much else up there to do. 
Hard walk but worth it
Fantastic views & the haze added to the scene. Dined in the restaurant was surprised by the excellent quality of the foodWell done for a major tourist venue 
An awesome symbol of Seoul
We came here in the afternoon when we arrived from the airport. We took the bus which stopped just near the entrance. One climbs a few meters of quite a hilly portion. We saw the heart locks area. The observation deck is great! Overlooking Seoul. Restos are available. 
N. Seoul Tower
Good place to visit to see the whole scenic view of Seoul. Especially, please plan to sit down on pizza, spagetti area in 2nd places..You can enjoy the food while watching scenery. 
Expect Crowds
Visited in the evening and hordes of people had the same idea. Long wait to go on cable car. View is so-so . I feel the time could have spent better elsewhere.
Gooooood
It's properly good for me and family for relaxing vacation. I love this and I have plan to go there again
Evening sightseeing
Got the opportunity to go up tower just before dusk and able to see city fully in daylight and then after dark. This should be on everyone's first visit ...time to remember.
Great Views Of Seoul
It is worth understanding that there are three stages up to the tower but it is all quite worthwhile on clear days when you can enjoy the views. From pavement level and only a few minutes walk from the main shopping area it is a few steps up to the lower funicular station. This is a free lift up to the lower cable car station. The funicular is a single car that shuttles about a dozen people up an incline, very smooth. Stage two is a cable car that shuttles about two dozen people up to the top of the mountain. There are two cars and there is a small charge and also very smooth. The actual tower is the third stage but you do not need to go if you do not wish. The cable car takes you to a small park area (which seemed pleasantly cooler on a hot day) Very nice to wander round, view the city and take pictures. I believe there are events up here sometimes. Worthwhile way for visitors to use a couple of spare hours and get some fresh air.
Iconic attraction
High on a hill above Seoul with panoramic wonderful views and everyone can see it especially at night time from street level
Lots of crazy walking but it was fun
One thing you need to understand when in South Korea, you need to expect a lot of walking. Like whole day walking!This is a great tourist spot to see Seoul in a panoramic view. Love locks are also everywhere.
Best view!
N Seoul Tower is just like any other touristy spot that offers a panoramic view of a city but I guess the selling point of this place for me is the journey going up to this tower. The around 45-minute (taking a lot of rests on our way) hike up was a breeze because there are proper, concrete stairs and the surroundings filled with plants and trees definitely took my attention, enough for me to forget that I have actually been climbing up the stairs for a while. Don’t forget to take a picture at one of the vantage points below the tower showing the juxta positioning of the industrial city and the mountains as a huge backdrop. The ‘lovers’ key park’ is also cute. So if you want to have your own key locked-up in that park, I highly suggest to bring your own lock in advance because the locks sold in the area is already so expensive. Then the tower itself is also good. So if you want to see the panoramic view of the city, then the N Seoul Tower is a must-visit place.
Best on a clear day
The Seoul Tower is a terrific way to see the entire city and surrounding hills. On the way up, the elevator ceiling becomes a video as if you were blasting into outer space. To get to the tower, there are some inclines and steps - my guide knew where the elevator was to avoid the steps. After the tower, there was a live performance going on in the plaza of traditional dances and music, which was wee done. Certainly worth the visit.
Get the promo for the cable car!
hubby and i vsited in 2012 by taxi bus and a lot of walking. This time with the entire family we chose to ride the cable car. Not much walking as we are already near the tower grounds but the line waiting for the cable car is sooo much boring. We waited for more than an hour to have our turn. First we lined up to ride the walkalator around 15mins, then the elevator for say 10mins, then the cablecar for an hour. Well at least we didnt climb our way up. TIP: its better to get the promo deal for the cable car with meal for two especially if you are planning to eat afterwards. The restaurant offers a better and unobstructed view of the city unlike in the cablecar where we are practically rubbing elbows with each other.
More than just a city view tower 
Must do in Seoul. I have been to viewing towers in most cities we goto but this was different . You obviously see magnificent views of the Seoul city but there is more especially for children. There are video game parlors ...3d reality ...Restaurants ..Nice views etc etc . So plan to spend a good 2-3 hrs up there ..It's worth it 
Better than expected 
After a cable car to access the Tower its 10000 each to get in to the lift to see the observation tower . You can get a discount if you buy a tube pass - 10 percent off . When at the top the windows need a clean - the view could be clearer . Best to go at sunrise to get the nighttime view . It's open till 23 00 hrs . Crowded and very touristy prices for restaurants - avoid that ! Views are good over Seoul . And you can take some nice pictures . There is a chance also to buy a love locket and express your eternal love for your partner . There are thousands of these . The queue to go down can be long and wait could be 10 to 15 mins to access cable car . 
Holiday
Nice evening, first time visit, I have watched few dramas about this place, we went there late but it's good night out, especially great for couple.
A place to go
I've been to korea a few times. There is a few ways to get there. Either you can take a short walk from Myeongdong. Then take the oreumi elevator up to the cable car ticket counter. Or take namsam sunhwan shuttle bus no 2, 3 or 5. Both transportation way up will will show you the scenery of korea. It's beautiful all year round and each season have something different to show. 
Must visit 
Even though going up here need a lot of queuing. From buying the ticket, waiting for the tram, going inside the tower, going back down, back to the team again. But it's all worth it. From up there you can see 360 of Seoul. When we were there we got lucky to see lotte world fire works. It's AWESOME Don't forget to bring your love locks but don't worry they sold those there 
Ten minutes of fun
Really interesting place, but if you're not with children that will ask you about ice-cream, it'll take 10 to 15 minutes to get everything from this place. Good views when the weather is good.
Must see
A trip through this tallest tower is mind boggling. It has 23 floors and it is is 183 feet. The lift goes up the 19 floors exactly in one minute. Inside the lift and while traveling on the lift the entire lift shows a led description of buildings around and also the sky as it reaches the top
Overlooking Seoul
One can view most or entire Seoul area when you reach this peak. A romantic place where one appreciates the beauty of the city
Astonishing view of the City
Astonishing view of the City from the Observatory deck. We went at night time and would like to come back during the day. It was more convenient because we went up and down by the cable car. But there one thing we regret, we didn’t wear thicker or warmer coats. It was freezing when we visited. But we enjoyed and took some photos. Saw the famous love locks that I only saw in some Korean dramas.
Another tourist place, with one allowing you to soar to the sky.
You can start your experience by taking the Namsan Cable Car to N Seoul Tower. If not, you can drive straight up to the tower. I went there quite early, shortly after they opened for operation. The scenery is nice to behold depending on the weather. Personally I feel that night time will be a better timing to visit. 
Great views
Great views of the city and nice place to relax with a beer. I caught the bus up (easy as) and then walked back down
Incredible Views
Fantastic views and rewarding hike to the top of the hill. Be ready to climb not for folks capable of making the trek from the bottom, there are buses and shuttles available to get you to the top. Night time view of Seoul was particularly enjoyable and made the trip even more memorable.
Nice View
This place had nothing to do. Just enjoy the view and free your mind (but not on the weekend). This place is famous just because of the korean drama.
Seoul Tower
Must see attraction. Make sure you plan for time to explore the park around the the tower. Recommend you plan to spend time in the park and go up the tower a bit before sunset.
Great way to spend a morning
We walked up the hill from our hotel (Hyatt) and it we had lovely views all the way, through the park. Great views of Seoul and there are things to do up there. We didn't go to the top of the tower but we did plenty of exploring just below.
Nice Views At Night
This place can give you a breathtaking view of Seoul from the top. Both day and night views are spectacular, though I prefer the night view of Korea. This place is very touristy and it is a bit pricey to go to the top however if it is your first time to visit Seoul then this is a must.
Too crowed 
It is close to the heart of the city. The cable was a interest experience of getting up the the tower. But I would suggest to walk to the N tower from the bottom of the mountain as the park was with a lot of beautiful trees and flower. A great place to refresh in the city. 
Over-rated
Visited the Seoul Tower in March 2017. I don't see what the appeal is of this attraction. I visited on a clear day I could see "forever". However, the views simply are not that impressive. The tower is filled with tourist shops and restaurants with unimaginative menus. The entire experience was quite boring. If you must...see it once. Be prepared to be underwhelmed.
Beautiful at night
This place will give you a captivating sight at night. You will see the beauty of Seoul. The buildings and their lights are just like stars twinkling below and you will feel that you are in the space watching them. 
Nice view of the city (in a clear day)
We went there in the morning and even though it was sunny it was a bit hazy...nevertheless we very much enjoyed the views (360 degrees). On the way back our guide took us to the park below the tower. They have hundreds of colorful locks with names on them (professing eternal love). And of course we left one (we are told they are periodically removed). A few steps away, we dressed up on the traditional Korean costumes....overall, a very nice experience.
Memorable and worth to visit
It's an amazing N seoul Tower, from our hotel in myeongdong we just take a bus #406 from Namdaemun gate until Namsan Library then we just walk going uphill it's worth walking to see the beautiful ambiance of the namsan park. Very beautiful once we arrived the tower as you can see the beautiful city of Seoul.
Nice views
The best option for panoramic views is the Lottle Worlds sky view but this is cheaper and closer to downtown.
Beautiful place❤️❤️❤️
A park where all kinds of people can go. Go there upon opening and leave during closing time so that you will experience how it look like during the day and during the night. Explore the beauty of the N Seoul Tower as well as the beauty of nature. 
Definitely worth visiting for the views
The tower was one of our stops on the Seoul City Tour Bus hop on hop off course. You climb a slight hill from the base drop off point up to the tower itself. Even without paying the expensive price to go all the way up the tower we had really stunning views for free (just make sure you climb to the highest floor available before you can't go up anymore). Going at sunset would be a great option as you then get to see the city views both during the light as well as after dark with the sparking city lights which is quite magical.
Beautiful view!
Seoul tower view are spectacular!The tower was a wonderful stroll from our hotel and great for evening stroll.Visited on Sunday evening and place was very busy and crowded.Long wait to get the cable car and entrance to the observatory deck! Once there the view was breathtaking.I would definitely recommend!
Unexpected nice view
I have visited this kind of towers many times, I didn't expect too much.But the tower stands the top of hill, and the view is much more beautiful than the others!
Spectacular view of Seoul
We had a great time taking pictures at the heart lock area and just enjoying the cool weather (it was about 14 degrees). 
Beautiful but packed
I suggest taking the hike up the mountain. The sky cars we were packed like sardines. We couldn't even move or see anything on the way up or down. All I could think was this can't be safe. So save your money and enjoy the sites. The tower itself has lovely views but make sure it's a clear day or you will be disappointed. It is a rather large tourist attraction so don't be surprised by the amount of people and clutter. It is a nice place to be stopping by and a pretty view to see but there are better sites in Seoul that are way more worth your time. 
A lot of $ for the view
We had a hard time finding the best way to get there. When we finally found the cable car to the tower we paid 8000 KW each and then had to pay another 10,000KW to go to the top. It was night time and the windows were smudged and the flash reflected off the window, so very poor quality pictures. Maybe it would have been better to go during the day.
Wow
Must in Seoul. Fantastic viwes Go up befaure sunset and stay until dark. You won't regret. Low faire
Good way to spend a few hours 
The N Seoul Tower area is a good place to take in the beautiful sites of the massive capital. It has the tower itself but also platforms, parks, and nature that is nice to be in too. 
Nice viewing deck
The area gives a nice view of the city especially during the golden hour. There are many restaurants and things you can do in this area. The tower in itself is a landmark of Seoul but a lot of people come here to enjoy the panoramic view. It's good spot for taking great photos as well.
A beautiful view
I visited this place just right at the moment sun goes down. The beautiful view from the park with the lovelocks, a citylights of seoul, the tower itself, really memorable. But, this place need a scheduled buses to take the visitors from the bottom to the up above. So it will so much helpful without waiting for too long. 
A great view of the city
There are 2 ways that I know of to get to the top. 1, is to walk up which can be quite taxing if your not quite fit enough, the other, is to catch the cable car. I have used both.The queue for the cable car can be quite long, especially before sunset. Allow plenty of time for this.Once at the top you will need to pay a fee for the tower itself. There are many of locations around the top where you can take some great shots of the city, but inside the tower itself, is where you really see Seoul for its beauty.Buildings with a backdrop of mountains and cars which look like ants! Lots of useful information pointing to different cities around the world.You really want to be up here when the sun is just about to go down. The views and colours are amazing so a camera is a must.The food can be a bit expensive depending on where you eat, but nothing overly expensive. Shop around.This should be your number one place to visit.
Very nice
Very nice view in a clear day or night. We were there at the late after noon and night and it was pretty. 
Nice sunset view!
The view of the city skyline was not great because it was very cloudy when I went up. But on the way down I was rewarded with a beautiful view of the sunset. 
must go place
As the name Seoul tower,it is a best place to go see the whole town from up there. the view is always great from there even in the night.
Beautiful
Every time we come to Seoul, we always end up coming to this place, the walk to the tower is like a work out, it's beautiful when you get up there 
Fun!
So much to see! It is quite a bit of walking so be prepared! There is a lot of food and sights to see there! Enjoy! Asp bring a lock to lock while you're there with your loved one!
Beautiful views
Took the cart up to Namsan Tower to see the beautiful views of Seoul from up above. This is a popular tourist attraction as you will see so many people there. There's also restaurants up there so you have a place to eat. There are the locks of love that you will see all over the place. Definitely make sure you bring a camera to capture all of its essence. 
Views of Seoul
The first time I came to N Seoul Tower, we walked up which was insane. Second time we took the bus and cable car and it was during cherry blossom season which was so, so beautiful. Third time we walked and then took the cable car which was still a bit of a hike as we took the long way to get there but it was still worth it. I would recommend going during cherry blossom season because the road is covered in the petals and it's constantly raining down with petals from the trees, especially when cars and buses come past. You'll see couples on dates most of the time so it's a romantic place to take your partner and go for a nice stroll. 
Great view of
We took the Namsan Circular Shuttle Bus to the tower, so that we could enjoy the view from Namsan. It would be great if it was not foggy.
Great Views of Seoul
Namsan Seoul Tower is the BEST place to see Seoul in its entirety all at once...then again, you're 480m up in the sky so you have no choice but to see EVERYTHING ;) The tower has a gift shop, multiple restaurants, and even a game room with individual karaoke rooms for 500 W per song ^^. If you're planning to visit, I highly recommend some decent walking shoes or even hiking shoes if you want to take the 1100m hike from street level near the National Theater to the base of the tower. It's a HELLUVA hike but well worth it...however, make sure you check the weather. I went on a bay air quality day and I felt it! If you can, try to get during the fall to see the foliage OR go at night to see a brightly lit up Seoul.
Serene Environment, Nice experience
Very beautiful. On top is like being on top of the world! I only had a short time there but it is all worth it. Very lovely and romantic touring the Tower and around it.
Excellent Place to go visit
It's refreshing to go a place where everyone seems to be in a great mood, and you can enjoy a spectacular view. I did not go inside of the tower, but at the base there are a large amount of vendors including the Teddy Bear Museum (Which is a teddy bear store). They even have ice cream stuffed churros!!!!!
The walk was more impressive than the tower itself
The walk up to the tower is up a hill through a forest, which is a really lovely walk. As you get higher you can see different views of the city and it's gorgeous. The tower itself is great to see the views, the windows were really dirty but it wasn't so bad. There are a few refreshments at the top and of course your usual souvenirs. 
♥️ Lovely Place ♥️
A lovely place to visit when in Korea. We took Bus 5 there and walk up to the Tower. It would be nice to visit the tower in the night when all the lights was up. You can see beautiful scenery from the tower and the weather was great in May. No regrets visiting the N Seoul Tower ! It's a romantic place for couples to visit too ! Highly recommended ! 
Good Exercise
We walked from Myeongdong to Seoul Tower. The walk is uphill. Wear proper shoes. Take a cable car up, it's interesting to see the view. Too many locks there but glad we went there as the scenery is beautiful. 
Beautiful in the day and at night
I visited here 2 years ago in the day and this year I had the opportunity to visit at night. The view was amazing in the day but there is something about the darkened skies and the bright city lights that makes everything seems so grand! Purchase your tickets at the entrance. There are other attractions here as well so you can decide what sort of tickets you want to purchase. There is a souvenir shop as well as restaurants and cafes. You can purchase locks at the shop at the entrance level. Of you are interested to do tile message, you can only do so inside the tower itself. There are 3 ways for you to get here; one way is to ride a bus all the way up. There are a couple of buses at Myeondong that you can take. You can take a cable car; there was a shuttle bus that picked us up at the same Myeondong bus stop I mentioned just now. If you are up for a walk and an adventure, you may want to hike up. I've tried the first 2 options but I don't think I would want to hike up. 
Stunning
The tower provide a stunning view of Seoul. But I personally think that it is unnecessary to enter the observation area. You have to pay like KRW 8000 for the entrance. And the view is pretty much the same with view you can get on lower level. 
Beautiful views of Seoul
This is a must do when in Seoul. The views are beautiful and a great place to explore. The cable car ride up is quite quick and the wait wasn't too long when I went.
Great views of Seoul
This is well worth a trip but there is quite a steep walk from the parking area. The elevator that goes to the main viewing level is super fast and accompanied by a sound and light show on it ceiling.The 360 degree views from the tower show just how big Seoul is. There was entertainment on a lower level on the day I was there.
good time
this is a wonderful place to go, you can see the city from the top of hills, eat and have fun I really recommend as a must do in seoul.
Take in the View of Seoul 
You don't realize how large Seoul is until you take in the views. Hopefully the day is clear - otherwise it could be disappointing. You must be fit to walk the trek up to the tower but it's worth taking in the city on the top of a mountain. 
Really nice view. 
To visit this tower is must. This is the only way, how to realize the size of the city. The lift is very quick. And sky video in the cabin is amazing.
Nice view to city
Tower on South mountain offers great view to the city. Definitely must to see in Seoul, do not miss it!
Avoid during public holidays
I went during the Golden Week holiday and it was horrible. I waited one and a half hour to get in and the ONE HOUR in a line to get out using one of the only two elevators available (can you say fire hazard?). The view was good but definitely not worth the wait.
Nice walk, didn't bother going up the tower
We enjoyed the walk up to the base of the tower. Once at the base, we enjoyed the limited views (due to pollution) and felt that we wouldn't gain much by going up the tower. The entrance fee is overpriced if the view is limited. We got great views a few days earlier from a mountain in bukhansan park. Walk up only took 20 mins. 
A good view abound Seoul
The view is good. However, before you buy a ticket, go to the so-called Heart lock observatory and check the view, particularly the degree of smog.The ticket is a bit pricey - 10 000 KRW (approximately 10 USD) for an adult.The customer service is bad - rude and almost no English.The way to the tower is clearly signed. It is sometimes steepy but doable. You need about 30 - 60 minutes depending on your fitness. Otherwise you can use a cable car.
Good views by night
Visited the tower as the sun was setting. Well worth a visit, and the cable car to the top is reasonably priced - though there is normally a queue of around 30-60 minutes. You can walk up to the top but this is a mildly strenuous option and involves lots of steps.Visit the tower at night to see Seoul lit up below - or at least what isn't covered by smog.
Beautiful Tower
It's a very nice tower to visit. Located on the top of Namsan, that's why they called it Namsan tower. Just take bus #5 or #3 from Cheungmuro you will be straight here. You can see seoul city from the top of the mountain. 
Great Views
This tower is on top of a mountain in Seoul, It is accessed by an elevator, and the line for the elevator gets longer as afternoon approaches.The view is spectacular from the top, It is best to go in the morning - and on a day that the air quality is good.
Nice sunset view from the observatory
Better to arrive here around 4 pm. Best to go up at the observatory during that time, and wait for the sunset.Observatory Entrance Fee: 9,000 korean wonDirection: Take Metro Line 4 and get off at Myeongdong Station Exit 3 and take the bus.
The Epitome of Love Locks
This tower beckons us to visit when we sight it from afar in and around Seoul. And visit we did. There is so much to see and do at this tower and its surrounds. We took bus No 5 from Myeongdong. Cars and taxis are no longer allowed past a certain point. So the recourse is to go by bus or cable car. I'm glad we didn't take the cable car for the queue going back down was insanely long. The bus brings you right up to the base of the tower. This tower should be nicknamed Seoul's or Namsan's Love Lock Tower. The variety of, the shapes they form and the insane number of love locks stretch along different walkways are supported by zones - Heart Lock zone, Shiny Love zone, love seats etc. And if you are lucky, you might catch the filming of a love scene like we did!
Beautiful spot to view the city!
The North tower offers you a great view of the city. The ticket for the elevator to take you to the top is inexpensive and they have a coffee shop, a souvenir shop at the top. It is definitely worth the visit!
Amazing view from top!!
A nice place to have an aerial view of Seoul. It has a nice Souvenir shop and a good restaurant. The elevators roofs are fitted with LED screens that show you amazing space journey while being escalated. The place has got world's first LG OLED tunnel which is amazing too. The place boasts of the highest wash rooms with clear glasses to have a view of city while relieving. This is crazy but a nice idea. Must use wash rooms here. Happy travelling!!
Good view of Seoul
Nice introduction to Seoul view from the top of the N Tower. We visited the place around 10am when there was less visitors.Additionally, we visited the historical fortress and the smoke signalling chimeys at the base of the tower. We soend around 2 hours at this location before moving to Namdaemun Market. We could visit Seoul Hanok Village from the N Tower as well.
Must visit 
I took taxi from the hotel to the cable station, book one way ticket if you would like to enjoy the walk down from the top.The cable will take you up to the mountain .I dont recommend at all the observation roof unless you just want to try.I advice you to enjoy the views and explore the area. You can walk down it is around 2k, just follow the signs.
Soul's bird eye view 
This has been one my most favourite attractions in Seoul. You can go there by cable car, bus, or you can hike up. If you want take cable car, I would suggest going around 10am since it gets really crowded afterwards. Also I would suggest to take cable car for one way that is to reach the tower. You can easily come down by the stairs while enjoying beautiful Seoul landscape. While going to the tower you can also visit Namsan park and Seoul tower complex. There's a lot of things to do there. Gaming zone, restaurants, teddy bear gallery etc. I particularly loved a perfume shop where I could make my own customized perfume. The name of this shop is A'roma Aesthetics. For me the ideal time to visit this place is in the evening although I had to wait an hour to get into cable car at this time. But I guess it's worth it.
Romantic Sunset
Namsan tower is famous for lover locking their love by the tower. However, the place is suitable for everyone. People also come with their family and friends. I think it's best to catch up sunset on top of the hill especially in spring. You can snap lots of pictures. Also, you can get to see the whole lights of seoul.Best and cheapest way to go is to take bus from dongguk university station, exit 1. The bus will directly take u to the bottom of the tower.Or, you can try taking the cable car for more romantic feeling. Walking up the mountain by passing thru the park towards the tower can be a good exercise
Crowded
If you have time, you can head here to see the city from the top of tower. It is crowded and other than the view, not much more to do. 
Tower
It was ok. If you can drive up or walk up, it might be better. The line for the gondola is long. Walking is hard, all up hill.
Great views of the city.
Great views of the city. Super packed though.Would recommend visiting via tour though.Our tour guide was able to drop us off all the way to the top. Otherwise, you can take the tram from the bottom or walk. The line for the tram though was outrageously long. 
Seoul view at night
Good thing we went here on weekday less crowded. We rode the cable car getting there and the N tower lights are mesmerizing to view when u get there. From the N tower we viewed the whole seoul citylights.
A place to go
I walk up and took the cable car down.I recommend this route, it will allow for a nice walk in a park. Not extraordinary but worth it.The tower in itself is very much typical for these sort of attractions.The first level (5F) is very nice with a good view , some restaurants and shops and plenty of opportunities to take pictures.You will need to pay 10000 KEW to go to the top. It is recommended as there is a nice view. A little expensive for teh offereing.Worth going
360 on Seoul
Your basic tower experience, a zoomy ride, a full round view and snacks and souvenirs for those who want. Since the tower is already on a hill it does get up there and you can se for miles. The windows are kept clean for photos. At the base there are some zero dollar view points and more kitsch. We also rode the cable car to the base, and added feature.
Korea adeventure
I always see this place in the Korean dramas I often watch. And so when I had the chance to visit Korea this place was one of my must see spot. It was amazing! The love locks that were left were really something to behold! The shops are great and when you reach the top the view was fantabulous! I especially like the photo shop where you can wear their traditional dress called hanbok. I really loved it! I also rode the cable car going up to N Seoul tower and it was fun. The view at night was brilliant! I had a great time visiting N Seoul tower. 
Amazing view with lots of fun activities at the top
The night view of Korea from the tower is amazing, definitely worth the climb up. Also, there are quite a few activities at the top to do, with dining options as well. Very similar to Victoria's Peak in Hong Kong. Do check out the lover's lock bridge at the top for nice photo taking spots, and the 3D LG screen experience that was really entertaining in bringing you into a 3D world with amazing graphics.
Just a landmark
I visited the Tower on 4 April evening. I took the cable car, thinking that it would take me right to the bottom of the Tower.However, after waiting for almost 20 minutes because of the long queue, it took me to the car platform only. I still had to take the staircase up to the ticket booth. I did enjoy the sunset view from the observation deck but not too breathtaking. Maybe it's a good place for lovers but for me, it's just a landmark.
Cool tower even on rainy day
So the day that we went a family of 5 the two parents of five-year-old and two teenagers we took a taxi up to the cable car I recommend that as the best way to get to the N Tower. The cable car ride to the tower was jam-packed full so it's very hard to get your window to get good video so you might have to head your way strongly to get to the window to get some good video or pictures. The wait to get on the cable car was not very long so that was very well worth it. I think you can also walk up the hill and take all the steps to get to the in Tower which I would love to do on a nice spring or fall day not a rainy day like we went. Make sure you take a lot of padlock or some kind of lock to add to the locks at the top I forget what they're for but it's really a pretty cool it's a community or World Wide Arts peace you'll understand when you get there but take a log or Google it before you get there to know why you're taking a lot. There are several places to eat at the in Tower all ranges of prices ranging from probably 2 or 3 Bill signs 2425 Bill signs though so nothing really cheap but definitely a place to stop and eat if you want to have time it was crazy busy even on a rainy day. Once you're up in the tower they have names major cities like New York City is so many kilometers away excetera excetera which is pretty cool so you couldn't go all the way around the whole circle and take pictures with you or yourself and your family and with the cities that you've been to or the city that you're from. The little to shop up in the tower was wonderful and we thought the prices were very fair for some very unique gift ideas we opted for the little puzzle with the frame which happened to be on sale and they had multiple items on there like weekly or monthly cell so that was really. The candy store if it's still there was pretty cool also apart everything is impeccably clean and the candy is quite good although a little spendy but it's worth it. I would say if your only choice to go was during rainy weather then it absolutely still is a must go on but if you could go during clearweather then that would be the best although I'm sure that's also the busiest. 
Superb city view from Seoul Tower !!
The place is perfect for love birds as it's full of signs of love !!You have to walk a lot to reach to the main deck but once you reach on top the city view is very beautiful!!One time visit place, nothing much to explore !! 
Beautiful views 
The cable car cue was quite long for 5:30 in the evening, nonetheless a quick process! The views are breathtaking and a trip up to the observation deck is a must! Appropriate for children and families as well as solo travelers! The views at sunset are great!!!!
Not that wowed but offers good views
The cable car is 8,000W to the Base of the tower however it is easy and free to walk up to the Base. At the Base there are plenty of places to eat with lots of variety and a little shopping. The views from here are also good.If you want to go to the top of the tower it is 10,000W. Obviously the views are great from that height.
Great place to enjoy panoramic view of Seoul
N Seoul Tower being the second highest point in South Korea is a good place to enjoy the panoramic view of the city especially at night where you can see the beautiful color of the city lights.
Amazing view!
this had been recommended to us as a must-see by a friend. You can get to the tower by walking, bus or cable car. And then go up the tower to see Seoul laid out around you. See all the locks hanging off fences and take photos in love seats. We went up by cable car and walked down through the forest which made a pleasant afternoon.
Easy Hike
We hiked up instead of riding the cable car, enjoyed the lovely view along the way and saw the tower from afar. 
nice night view
you must go this spot.if you want to see night view of Seoul.amazing view.you can get there with various ways.
A must do in Seoul
To help you get a perspective of this amazing city. Views are breath taking. We walked up to the tower through beautiful gardens then used the cable car down. 
Good view across Seoul
This is a good walk or you can get the cablecar. When you arrive at the top the view is incredible and a great vantage point. A must when visiting Seoul
Very Enjoyable
We visited the N Seoul Tower at night, the views were fantastic. It was very romantic to see all the thousands of key rings on the fence.
Walking up to Namsan Tower, worth the Effort !
Namsan Tower is best enjoyed by walking through the gardens and up the track from the park entrance near the Grand Hyatt. The gardens are spectacular in Spring and Autumn with different colors in each season. The trail up to the Tower is clearly marked and there are a number of viewing decks to soak in the sights of Seoul. Our 9 year old kids made it comfortably and there is plenty to keep the kids interested on the way. Kids play parks, fish ponds, exercise areas and a shop at the top to provide incentive for those in need of refreshment. Enjoy!
Breathtaking 
We went there around 8-9pm... the Q for the cable care only took almost 15min because cable care can occupy almost 30-40 people... when we reach the tower we have to climb the stair... it's exhausting.. im not sure if it's any lifts available... but the climb is worthed...the view ia breathtaking we can spend hours and hours just looking at the view and strolling along the Lock Love Tower... food and drink vendor are also a available there... really recommend 
Plan your visit!
This a popular tourist attraction and therefore prior planning is highly recommended. It is advisable to go very early during the day if you want to head up to the N Seoul Tower as it can be very crowded. We walked to the ticket office, and the walk up isn't too bad. Waiting time for a ticket is about 30 minutes. Then another 30-45 minutes to the cable car. If you are super fit you can walk up to the N Seoul Tower, otherwise the walk up is not for the faint hearted. When we arrived at the ticket box there was an ambulance collecting someone that had collapsed from the walk. Once you get up to the tower there is a lot to do- shops, eateries, children's activities, marital arts demonstrations and much more. We stayed here for about 3 hours and then walked down. It was about 20 minutes walk down, but you felt sorry for the people walking up, as it is a long walk. This is a must see when in Seoul. 
Wonderful view
One of our favorite places in Seoul. Spectacular views. We enjoyed seeing the old city wall and small signal towers. Enjoyed seeing a traditional dance performance. Thousands of locks attached to many of the fences by people locking their love. We were dropped off by our little bus in the bus parking lot and walked up the hill. Make sure you check out the window in the bathroom in the tower, very surprised to see that.
Love ❤️ 
No.1, BRING YOUR OWN KEY IF YOU DONT WANT TO BUY THERE, standby SGD$10 if you wanna buy one, 2nd Help them local korean old man who take picture, 3rd sit at the broken chair & I repeat AND DO THE KOREAN LOVE HAND SIGN, overall i love this place, for sure me & my wife will go there again n again n again
Slightly overrated
Went during night time and it was packed with tourists and locals alike. It was freezing when we got to the top of the entrance. You get to experience 360 view of the city, though nothing spectacular. The queue to take the lift up the tower was long and once you are up there, you need to hustle with a lot of people who are trying to view the scenery all at the same time. Would also not recommend this if you can't take stairs as you still have to walk up a few flights of stairs to get to the entrance at the top even by taking the cable car up. 
Very good with one exception
As you'd expect for a tower over one of the biggest cities in the world. Smooth organization and no time limit. The windows were quite dirty, everyone commented as the saw them, it looked like the residue of dirty rain. 
Fabu spot to watch the sunset
Recommend! It's a great spot to watch the sunset and the big architectural balance ball is very cool for nerds like me. I loved it. Plus downstairs is that famous dim sum spot. I recommend you take a number before heading up because the wait is so long, that way you should be up when you come back down. Otherwise there is a huge food court with varied options.
Beautiful vista at night.
We took a beautiful Uber car to and from the base of the tower one night. It was a beautiful clear night so we had a wonderful view of Seoul. There are a few cafes and souvenir shops. It is worth visiting the toilets as the view out of floor to ceiling windows in each cubicle is magnificent.
Loved the Performance of Artist
Very Nice place to watch free performance regarding korean culture. I loved the performance . For couples they are selling love locks :) nice place to take picture together woth your loved one. If you are single they also offer painting services :) 
A walk up
When I went, there were 2 options: to walk up the hill or take the cable car. We did both! Walking up was a journey but a pretty one, it's definitely worth it. Getting back down, was a little wait because we thought there would be multiple cabins but turns out it was only one. At the tower, the view was amazing and there's a lock cage where you and your partner could buy a lock, write your name and attach it to the fence. Pretty cool.
Love lock..
Nice place to visit. couples must have love lock.. Very enjoyable. Cable car to N seoul tower is just short and contains almost 20 people. A little bit scary.. hahahaa.. but its fun..
Great view and lots to do 
We walked to the tower it is 10 minutes walking but was really very challenging walk as it is in elevated street and there are stairs to reached the main entrance of the cable car. There are long long queue for about an hour to ride the cable car. It was crowded own and up as it is the weekend so avoid visiting during weekends. The view is really excellent and there are lots to do there multi stories buildings with lot to do so you can spend hours there and the cherry blossoms trees was marvelous on the mountain give up gorgeous scenically picturistic view with grades of pink to white to green trees. 
Good view of the city...
...depending on the air quality. Quite a hike if you walk (cable-car available at a cost). Food and drink options at the top. Good for a half-day or less.
Amazing views 
You see incredible views from so high up and it's rather bizarre yet lovely to see such a view high up when you go the the toilets as well so you can still enjoy the view when you go and do what you've got to do. The food there is incredible and there are plenty of souvenirs for you to buy as well. It is only accessible by tour bus, foot or cycling as the city attempts to reduce the emissions up the mountain 
Best place to look over Seoul
We visited N-Seoul Tower (aka Namsan tower) at noon so it was a bit hot for us though it was early April. The way led from bus stop to the tower was a bit steep but not difficult to walk. The scene around the tower was beautiful as we could see most of Seoul inner city, even the palaces. It seemed to be a "must see" so there was a lot of tourists and especially the couples came to hang their love locks. No need to buy the ticket to go to the observation deck (unless you'd like to do so), just go to the T1 floor and a beautiful city of Seoul is in front of your eyes.
An attraction for couples
It is about 15-20 min uphill walk to the Namsan cable car station from Myeongdon station exit 3. Take the cable car to the base of N Seoul Tower.Nice views when walking to the base of N Seoul Tower from where the cable car stops.There are many photo spots with 'Love' all over the base of the N Seoul tower, a romantic attraction for couples.I went there alone yet still enjoyed myself very much.Buy ticket to go up to the observatory deck of the N Seoul tower at the base. The staff will guide you through.You can buy ticket which includes dining or beer but i did not.I was there from evening til the sky turned dark. Beautiful view.Nice souvenirs at the observatory deck as well.
N Seoul Tower - lots to do!
As a tourist my friend and I were told we had to go here and I'm glad we did! The tower offers a variety of attractions and although we never made it inside it just shows how much there is to do. We got to the tower by taking the subway to Seoul station and left through exit 9. We then walked a short distance forward and the shuttle bus stand was there where we took a shuttle bus straight to the park. Other ways include the subway to Myeongdong and a cable car. You can't take a taxi or a car there as they are trying to reduce the pollution to protect the area.Once at the location you walk up a HILL to get to the actual tower. Wear good shoes guys! There is lots to do there before even paying to get in the tower (which happened to us because of time constraints). There were different dances and sword fighting displays with a running commentary of South Koreas historical background. This is offered in both Korean and English. They include the audience quite a lot which is great fun! I found myself laughing at the comedic side of it!There is lots to eat ranging from lunch to dessert and snacks so you won't go hungry. The iconic love locks are also there. For 8000 won you can buy one or 12000 won you can buy a set of two locks, both come with a free marker pen. You then go to write whatever you want and lock it up on the tower forever! Its an amazing thing to do as it feels like you're leaving a part of yourself in Seoul. This was all done without paying an entrance fee to get into the tower. Unfortunately we never made it inside due to time constraints but that shows there's a lot of fun stuff to do! Definitely visit there, just give yourself a good amount of time.
Must see!!!
It was so awesome to see all the locks and to go up into the tower!! It costs about 10,000 won but its worth it. I watched EXO showtime so i had to go up. I also got the fried potato stick that Tao had haha. And there is a cute gift shop at the top of the tower. It is accessible by two ways. You can ride the subway and then get off at a place where you can ride up the ski lift. So you can ride the ski lift or hike up the hill. My sister and I rode up the ski lift and then we hiked the trail down. There are a lot of stairs!! It is a super fun place to play!! You can also get lots of exercises if you want. We got water from the convenience store. There was also a cafe there too.
Thumbs down
We arrived and my eyes almost popped out to see the queue! We started queuing at 3pm plus and by the time we got up there, it was 8pm plus. We were hungry and i wasn't happy. We ordered a noodle dish to share. Didn't bother, because the place was packed!
Good View - Lover's Place
This is a nice place to go to see Seoul in a different perspective. Many people choose to hike from the bottom to the top. Below the tower, there are plenty of places for lovers to take pics and even put locks in the lovers lock area (like the one in Paris)
Touring Cyclists 
On the day we visited it was starting to cloud over, so we only went to the base of the tower. From at least four different areas you get a great view of the mountains and city. So like other reviews, save your $10 bucks. Every day there are live shows at the base of the tower, and they are "Free".
Good weather, the lovers locks are magnificent 
Many people, especially tourists there. We took Bus No.5 from Myeongdong subway there and we didn't need to take cable car. There are many locks, which makes the place so special especially for lovers, and the view of Seoul from above is magnificent! However, the elderly may need some time and effort to walk up to the tower. It was a Saturday. There was a performance but I didn't watch it, looks like they have regular performance at the square. 
View From The Top
We enjoyed a free entry ( as we are Seniors) to The Tower & loved the clear views for miles on a sunny day.Seoul is a large city of over 10,000,000 people & the city covers a huge area.The view from up top of the Tower of the many Palaces is extraordinary & clearly displays there immense size.Well worth a visit on a sunny day.
Amazing views of Seoul
Really good views of Seoul from the tower. There are also live performances in the square outside throughout the day. There is a very steep road from the car park to reach the tower so this may not be suitable for those with limited mobility/fitness
N Seoul Tower to see the entire city
Go there in the morning to avoid queues. If you do not mind waiting, go just before sunset, so you can see the city in daylight and nighttime. Waiting times can be easily 60 minutes to the cable car and another 30 minutes for the tower lifts.
See it any day!
This tower is best to visit either at night or by day. Though entrance up there costs a fortune, the view of the entire city from it's deck is breathtaking! 
Must visit if in Seoul 
What a fantastic view over this great city! And in addition they have made a most out of this place. With the possibility to go up in the tower or take a picture with Psy close to the Love tunnel 
Cherry blossom 
The best time of visiting Seoul Tower are in March, April(Cherry blossom) and Sept., Oct.(Fall).We visited here every time when we come to Korea. You can walk to the tower or take a cable car. Good public transportation is available in the city.And you can check out Myung Dong (the most famous shopping area) and Namdaemoon Market (the oldest market for whole sale rice in everything). You can find good and delicious food with very cheap price in these area.
Great place to spend the evening and see the tower at night
We took the stairs from the bottom, walked the park to the top and was able to spend the evening and part of the night here. It's so pretty with the lighted tower. It was also very pretty with the sunset and I got great pics. A must come kind of place. 
Great adventure
Went here on a Saturday night and it was an amazing view. The cable car was a bit crowded. We ended the evening with dinner at the French restaurant and it was great. 
Impressive view of seoul
We went there in the morning and decided to take the cable car for the experience.Nice view at the top. You can actually take a 15mins walk from Myeongdong station to the cable car station. There is a love bridge where you can put a love lock.The cafes are decent and have a great viewing area.Remember to bring your lock. The price they are selling is expensive.
Cool tourist attraction
Great views of the city at night. There is a lot of things to see right outside of the tower. We even mailed our kids a letter from the top of the tower!
Tourist view
Not surprisingly, this is a tourist trap. Yes, the view is fun and the hike up there (do the hike) is nice, especially if you go during cherry blossom season. However, if you are able, I'd highly recommended heading over to Inwangsan Mtn. instead if you want the same view for less money and crowds!
Nice View of Seoul
Make sure having fine weather before proceeding.Located on top of the hill and can see the whole of Seoul.Best is with Hot coffee in your hand while walking 360 degree absorbing the view of Seoul.
SEOUL City lights at the view from N Tower
We went at this place almost evening. When we rode the cable car going to the N tower i love seeing the whole city of SEOUL with all the city lights at its best view.
Pleasant walk
Accessible on foot or by shuttle bus, it one of the must-see places in Seoul. The park around the tower is nice and the tower offers a beautiful view of Seoul
My son's favorite place 
We toured South Korea for 2 weeks and this was my 15 year olds all time favorite thing we did. We did a lot so that's saying something. The views are incredible, it's a smooth ride to the top and the show was done well. Bring a lock so you can write your name and date on it and leave it with all of those thousands of other locks. 
Best view in Seoul
One of the best night view in the world! Very romantic atmosphere and nice place for couple to visit. Be careful about the timing, as there is a lot of people were waiting for the cable car.
A Sight to Behold
Try to come before the sunsets so you can witness the colors of the tower. We hiked all the way up (it was difficult) but the sunlit scenery was beautiful, then took the cable car down. There are observation decks and another tourist spot at the top where they have the "love locks" (similar to the one in Paris). As the highest (if not one of the highest points in Seoul) you see a great view of the skyline. Definitely worth the hike up, you can take the cable car up too... but you'd miss out on the pathway going up, tiring as it is, the scenery was well worth it. 
A Must Visit
Namsan Seoul Tower is an iconic landmark of Seoul which everyone should visit atleast once. For those healthy enough and in spring or fall, walking up Namsan is great exercise and fun. For others, you can always take the bus up located near Dongook University subway station. Near the base of the tower there are usually lots of Korean traditional performances and the eateries are pretty good. Be sure to only go up on a clear day as a good view is key to enjoying this elevation. Another option is to walk along the paths around Namsan which is pretty flat and full of nature. Whether with friends or family or alone, the walk is more than enjoyable. Best part... it's free. Sometimes the best things in life are free....
Must do but
Can't really go to Seoul without experiencing this symbolic place. It's a bit of a madhouse going up and down because of the queues for the lifts but the view is worth it.
