Pleasant experience
I visited the museum without much expectations as I just wanted to escape the cold but boy, what a find! The museum is very modern looking with a nice square and pond surrounding it. The artifacts and layout is spot on because it was like you are walking the timeline of Korean history, from their prehistoric era to the modern days. Lots of sitting area to rest your leg. Drinking water is even available. Wifi is strong and the cafeteria serves decent enough food.
Great Museum
Nice museum, you can learn not only Korean history but also other Asian countries history. There are also some lounge for you to take a rest, and the lounge is totally nice. 
Excellent museum
The National Museum of Korea is an excellent museum. It is the largest museum in Korea. It is housed in an impressive building. Before you get to the main entrance – there are benches and leisure areas. As you enter the main lobby area is large, and spacious. The architecture is something to behold. Outside the museum is a park with a small lake. It is a beautiful setting. The museum has many exhibits that show Korea from historic times to the present day. The museum also holds many cultural activities to further the knowledge of how the museum works, and what it does to acquire items. You can take part in all the activities. There are many books that have been published; and research work to support the preservation of artifacts. On the first floor, is the prehistoric and ancient history gallery; and medieval and early modern history gallery. On the second floor is the calligraphy and painting gallery; donations gallery with exhibits from various collectors. On the third floor is the sculpture and crafts gallery which has Buddhist sculptures, Buncheong ware and white porcelain. There is also the Asia gallery with art from Indonesia, China and Japan. The museum gift shop is full of very nice items to buy.Opening hours are Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday – 10am to 6pmOn Wednesdays and Saturdays – 10am to 9pmOn Sundays and public holidays 10am to 7pm.
Great Archeological of Korea section 
The museum covers a lot of art and artifacts through the prehistoric era all the way up to the end of Korean Empire with the occupation by the Japanese. The museum is very large, and has a very large small pond. The museum is free, however there are small sections in the museum that charge. Inside the main museum is a restaurant, and outside within the museum grounds has a convenience store, and coffee shop.No shortage of restrooms either. 
Without doubt one of the best museums we have have visited. Excellent layout.
This museum is free to enter and is first class..... the way in which the exhibits are displayed, clearly described (in English) was excellent. There is very low lighting throughout which may be an issue for anyone with poor vision....The museum itself is a very modern contemporary building that oozes quality.In summary this is a jewel in the crown of museums and one you certainly would not want to miss, first class. Allow at least one hour and possibly more if you want to take it all in......
Kimchi
If you want to know more about the local culture this is the place to be; not only you can discover the +40 manners to prepare the famous local vegetable kimchi, but if you are lucky you can attend a local arts performance with local music and many colourful dancers.
To understand the histry of Korea
A must place for those history-lovers. You can understand the history of each dynasty until Korea today. Audio tour is just 1000w and there’s a free guided tour at specific time. Highly recommended for the guided tour which takes 1.5 hours.
Marvelous place to explore Korean history 
The museum is very modern and provides all needed affiliate such as strollers, lockers, big rest rooms. There are special exhibitions, 50% discount on weekday. 
A nice Korean history lesson learned
It is a good exhibition of the history and development of Korea. very convenient to go by subway and it is free for the permanent exhibits too.
Good exhibits and fantastic building
Worth a visit if you are into history, they have everything from Neolithic to modern Korea as well as a South East Asia exhibit.It is close to the metro and only a couple of stops from the war memorial as well.
Huge cathedral - worth a stroll
If you like museums which do forget to put the date, age, year of the object and forget that the historical context of the presented artefact might interest the visitor, you will love the second and third floor. 1st floor: Korean history is a little bit better displayed.We enjoyed the architecture. The building is huge and remembers a cathedral. The food is good in the restaurant. 
Beautiful Grounds and Art
We spent about 3 hours here. The grounds were beautiful and the art was plentiful. It was great to see history from another country through art. Very well laid out.
Free admission and free guided tour
The National Museum of Korea is one grand building in the Yongsan area. It can be easily accessed by metro to the Yongsan Station. The museum opens everyday except January 1. No admission fee for the main exhibit hall but not for the special exhibition galleries. The building itself is huge and there are 3 levels. We visited the main exhibition hall only. We rented an audio device which gives verbal description of the artifact when to input the number on the show case. It is very helpful as the rooms are always too dark and the description on the plague are too small to read. The 1-hour free guided tour is very helpful too. The lady tour guide spoke perfect English. She showed us the highlights of the museum: the pagoda, huge Buddha painting scroll and some of the royal jewelry. I highly recommend this.There are gift shops on every floor and they sell slightly different things from each other. We had our lunch at the Mirror Pond Restaurant which is outside the main museum. We chose a set lunch of traditional Korean dishes which includes 10 different Korea food: snacks, kimchi, porridge, appetizers, main courses, desserts and tea. It is different and quite enjoyable.If your schedule is not that tight, you can spend a few hours in this museum to find out more about the history of Korea.
Interesting displays, wonderful gift shop
Renting headphones probably would had been helpful to fully appreciate all the information to be learned at this museum It was modern and well laid out and even though it was crowded, it was not hard to get around. The Gift Shop had the best quality items for souvenirs and gifts.
Stunning architecture, amazing history
I'd definitely put this at the top of things to do in Seoul. Go here before (or instead of) the palaces. Excellent layout to the exhibitions, and done in a way that one learns a lot about Korean history. Does a good job of incorporating all aspects of life, from food to religion to political systems to agriculture, etc.
Great exhibition for history lovers
The place is easy to reach, huge and has beautiful surroundings and building structures. Entrance is free. The inside of the museum is spacious, clean and it has chairs and lounges for those who need rest after walking around the museum. It is separated into different sections for different period or era or timeline, which was interesting and systematic of them. Recommend to download the apps as it will guide you on your trip to the history of Korea.
Great exhibits on Korean history
Learned a lot while browsing the exhibits. Definitely don't miss this if you're a fan of history and art.
Great exhibits
The National Museum is definitely worthwhile visiting since it covers many different aspects of Korean history. Artefacts from other Asian countries which influenced Korea are on display and it covers a few thousand years of history. Àll is arranged according to different topics and timeline and it is very easy to find your way around. Several cafes invite for breaks. Multimedia equipment is available in several languages. Admission is free.Good to combine with the War Museum around the corner.
Amazing Museum Located Right in Seoul
This museum in absolutely huge! The best thing is that it is 100% free!The building is a giant granite stone structure and located on the right side is the Korean history side. From here you can see many things from pre-history to modern times. The best highlight for me was the huge gold crown that the emperor wore and the 10 story pagoda! There are three floors, the first floor as artifacts while the others are dedicated to statues and paintings!On the left side of the museum is the special exhibition hall where they normally have special exhibits in. You can check what is there on the official website and there is an extra charge for these exhibits. I recommend dedicating a few hours and make sure to wear some comfortable shoes when visiting!They also have an application that you should download to your phone which is like a personal GPS audio guide for your trip!For more on the national Museum of Korea and other places in Seoul I have a like to my travel blog of Seoul in my profile.
Spectacular setting
A visit to this museum is worth it just to take in the setting and the unique architecture of the building. While the art collection is probably not as stunning as many would like, and it is mostly related to Korean history, the museum is easy to navigate and impressive in its design. We had lunch in the restaurant overlooking the grounds. The food was Korean fare, good, but not great; nonetheless, we enjoyed sitting beside the floor to ceiling windows and taking in the view.
A grand museum!
You'll need a couple of days to fully explore all of the items housed here, especially if you're into reading all of the information like I am. This is my favorite museum in Korea.
Worth a few hours
Give this place a look if you have time. A decent look at the history of the Korean peninsula. Special exhibits cost money, but to get in, it doesn't cost anything.
One of the Best Museums I've Ever Been To
Stunning collection of Korean artifacts and artwork. Museum is well-organized and exhibits are varied. Great gift shop and dining options aswell
A big national museum.
The museum welcoming us by providing a large open space. This is a big museum with many exhibitions and collections so I suggest you prepare to spend your time here minimum half a day.
Good understanding of Koreans' History 
Went there with friends after few days of meeting. Able to learn and understand the Koreans history without admission fess. Easy to access through subway and very well maintained and offered multi languages sign board. Recommended for those intend to know Korea better.
Mostly Old artifacts in a Modern building 
Strong sea legs are required. A lot of walking involved. Close to the train station. If you like art and history, this place is great for you. A lot of excavated Korean artifacts. Probably one of the biggest Museums in Asia. Cafes and restaurants inside and around the museum. Entrance is free for the permanent exhibit. There might be a fee for their special exhibits. Check their website for more information. 
Very interesting- attend the free tour!
We went to the free tour that is held in English and in my opinion, this is the only way to visit the museum which would have otherwise been very overwhelming because it is so big. The tour guide was GREAT and broke down the most important items in the museum. He gave us tons of information- it was SO interesting! I also love that the museum is free. 
Absolutely worth it
Basically I don't like museum, but i think this place is absolutely worth it to visit. I believe you will find something interesting inside. Besides, it's free of chargeI planned to visit the museum for just one hour but end up into 4 hrs.
See the history and unique contribution from individuals
This place is a must visit for history lovers, to see the stody of Seoul and Korea. With modern architecture and adequate space, the museum is fantastic. 
Wonderful building and superb collections
This is a beautiful building in a superb setting and so much to see - I spent 2 hours in just 3 of the ceramics halls.
National museum of Korea
You can see Korean ancient history in various aspects here. The architectural building is surrounded by a spacious comfortable garden. It is conveniently connected with subway. 
Can't Miss this (Oct 2015)
A large museum with many interesting displays, and you can spend an hour or a day here. Some displays have been fixed-up and really gave a taste of the old Korean culture. Besides the size of the building itself, it was a bit of a walk from the Ichon metro station as well, so wear your most comfortable shoes for this one.
It's BiiiG
A very big museum with more collections. I visited two of them and was pleased with the display. The permanent collection is on Korean history and shows the countries history from different aspects.The place is easily accessible with the subway.
Magnificent, best 6 hours spent
What a superb museum! We were very impressed by the sheer size of it, the magnificent architectural design of the building, the incredible gardens, but about every all, the exhibits. It was an amazing experience for us and a fantastic opportunity to see all the exhibits, the art collections, the artifacts representative of past eras in Korea. We are very impressed with the job the curator did with all the exhibits. At no time did we ever encounter large crowds or other distraction. We were able to fully enjoy our visit and the ease with which we could study each exhibit quietly and uninterruptedly. The collections are superb, the excellent preservation condition they are in and the helpful information available to the public to help us learn about Korea's past.I strongly recommend a visit to this museum. It's absolutely magnificent! We also had lunch there after we were done and were equally impressed with the restaurant. Excellent food!
Very good museum and free admission
Very good museum that contains a wealth of artifacts and information on the history of Korea from the Neolithic period through the various kingdoms and Dynasties. Also exhibits on Korean calligraphy, paintings, and some exhibits from other areas of Asia. Did I mention the admission is free? Easy access on Subway Line 4. at Ichon Station
Good solo trip
If you're alone and nothing to do, this is the thing for you to do. There's a few sections in this museum, but I'd say the hanguel museum is the best, interactive and very informative. It's free! It's accessible by metro! Just right outside the station. Forgot which one, sorry!
Great experience
At the time of writing, the ticket price was 6000 won - certainly acceptable considering the wealth of Korean history on display. There are a lot of ceramic pieces to view, great Buddha statues, and artifacts from other countries such as china and India. The museum is laid out so that there is no crowding around certain exhibits. It is quiet, clean, beautiful, and has food and drink on offer in the cafe.Here is the caveat to the five star rating. If you are a family with younger members and are planning to go, then unless your kids are smart and attentive, they WILL be bored at this museum. All of the children present during my visit were running around paying no attention to the exhibits, and there is nothin child friendly in the main part of the museum. Choose wisely.
Korean history!
I like this museum because of its size and number of exhibitions. It is massive and a good place to visit together with War memorial museum. They are near by and easily accessible by public transportation in Yongsan area. 
Informative
Informative and very interesting to learn more about Korea in this museum. Best part about this is that it's free and open to all!
Passionate volunteer guide
The museum provides daily guided tours, free of charge, in various languages (check out their website for schedule). Our guide was a middle aged man volunteering for the museum. Thanks to his passion and vivid personality he brought life to the tour, as well as the artefacts. And I would not see the hours fly by. 
Must see
We spent an day at this excellent museum and could have enjoyed another day there but did not have the time. Don't miss this one and plan on plenty of time. If I recall correctly, it was free.
The place to visit in Seoul !
Whatever the length of your stay in Seoul but the museum is THE place to visit.... And it's free :-))
great museum
Not only the museum building is magnificent, the exhibits were wonderful too. There were two signature exhibition on Arabian and French fashion when I was there - I enjoyed it alotThe food court in the museum served good standard food, and I loved the museum shop.A must go for all travellers who are in Seoul, Korea
seun ò Korea is very nice,
the capitl is very nice, nature, and the human is friendly. trafic is very good, clearn , and trafic is easygo from seun to all the district is very easy. very cheap . 
World Class
The grand, marble lined, modernist building channels plenty of natural light to show off Korea's ancient treasures. It harmoniously blends traditional and contemporary styles. It is the largest museum in Korea and houses precious Korean cultural assets that tells the story of Korea's history, from ancient to The modern times. The museum is divided into two exhibition areas for the purpose of displaying relics and artifacts. Permanent exhibition includes prehistory and ancient history, medieval and early modern history, calligraphy and arts, sculpture and arts. No entrance fee to see the permanent exhibitions, but a paid ticket is required to see any special exhibits. Take Subway Line 4 to Ichon Station Exit. 2.
Lots to see
This place is massive and the exhibits are excellent. However, it does take a long time to see everything, so it might be a good idea to take a break or two. There is a coffee shop, as well as many resting spots with chairs. As entrance is free, one may even split a visit over a few days. Would highly recommend for a first time visit to Seoul or Korea, but for someone who has seen other museums in Korea, much of it might seem like more of the same. 
Outstanding Museum
Timed my visit so I could take the tour, which I would heartily recommend. The English tour began at 2 pm and Hyun provided a "greatest hits" version of the museum for the next 1.5 hours. Not only did I learn about Korean history, but I left with insight into Buddhas, pagodas, and traditional pottery. Heartily recommended.
A must-visit in Seoul
The main hall was absolutely amazing and well organized to give visitor, especially the foreign one as me, a holistic view of Korean history, arts, literature. The exhibitions led me back to thousands years ago and then gradually entering the modern history of Korea. On 3rd floor, there was a great exhibition of Asian arts which was worth to visit too. And the best thing? It was totally free :)
Interesting Place to pay a visit
While in Seoul it is considered one of the places you should pay a visit to. Interesting architecture, nice floor plan a bit limited exhibits collection, but overall nice place.
Modern Museum
The museum is very modern and easy to get to. I would say the exhibits that were available weren't as good as the ones back in Canada.
