Go at Sunrise
Excellent view especially at sunrise. Hiking was good for a beginner level. Many places to stop and take a rest if needed. If not an experienced hiker, it takes maybe 40 minutes to get up to the top. No entrance fee if you go super early. Lots of lovely places around to grab coffee or some food after you hike down as well. I would do this again in a heartbeat!
Worth all the steps!
Ilchulbong is a huge rock/volcano/crater on the North East of Jeju Island. At first it seems a little daunting when you pull into the carpark as it looks really huge and steep. Yes, there are a lot of steps, but there are plenty of places to pause or sit for a rest and once you get to the top there's a great sitting/viewing platform. The views are really spectacular in all directions and you can see all over the mountain. It's really worth a visit if ou are going to Jeju.
Amazing scenery
A beautiful wild landscape worth visiting! If you are lucky, you may also see the women divers that Jeju island is very famous for :) 
Bad timing but great view
We were there in a bad timing when it was raining hard so we opted not to proceed for fear of slipping or whatnot but I have seen pretty good shots of the view from the peak. I heard the climb can be challenging too.
Great sunrise 
It's a bit of a climb to get to the top, which is mostly stairs. Once the stairs start they don't stop until the top. By this I mean there are no real breathers in between the flights of stairs and when you're on a schedule - getting to the top before sunrise, the climb can take a bit out of you. Plan for about 30 minutes or less for the healthy folk and 40 minutes or more for those of us who aren't from the parking lot.Also didn't pay entrance fees as there's no one there at sunrise.
Great view!
An easy 20 minute climb to one of the best view points on the island of Jeju. Slightly steep but easily doable for anyone in decent shape. My 74 year old uncle had no problem hiking the steps..just go slow and enjoy the spectacular views.
Tiring climb to a peaceful peak
Started our trek at around 5:50am for the 6:50am sunrise and we reached the peak at around 6:20am. So many steps... for a person who hasn't been jogging often this climb was tiring! There are wet wooden bleachers at the peak for folks to sit on and await the sun to rise. Many locals head up and will exclaim when the rising red sun appears.The descend starts getting tiring again near later half of route... very peaceful and wonderful view of Jeju at the top.
Exciting Excursion, but Not Mandatory
My wife and I visited the sunrise mountain on our recent visit to Jeju Island. Reviews had essentially undersold me on how strenuous the climb would be - it was a workout! Took a proper 30 min of intense stair climbing to reach the top. The views at the top were great, although the "crater" itself is just not that photogenic. It's a big green area. There's clearly a big appeal to seeing the sunrise but we didn't make that early morning trek.Don't miss the side paths toward the female cliff divers. Offered some of the coolest views with the bay and the mountain.Overall, I thought it was really pretty and worth a visit but not necessarily mandatory if you're just in Jeju for relaxing.
Explore Jeju Island
Magnificent views even I only managed to climb half way. Here you can see people mountain people sea. Young and old. No wonder it's declared as another 7 Wonders of heritage of South Korea. A very worthy place to visit. 
Very nice but too many tourists
You can reach Ilchulbong by bus from the Intercity bus Terminal in Jeju-Si. It takes around 1h30 to reach it. You don't really care if it is an express or intercity bus you are taking, they more or less all go at the same speed... which is quite fast. You can't really miss the stop which is quite close to the crater. Dozens of buses parked in front of the mountain kind of spoil the nice atmosphere of the place but remember you are a tourist as well... Left to the entrance, their is a nice small temple, worth the look. The climbing to the top is all made of wooden stairs and doesn't take too long (don't remember exactly, around 30 min). We did it with kids (youngest is 6) and she could do it easily. The view from the top is nice. It is a bit disappointing not to be allowed to walk around the crater. You can just see it from a platform. Before (or after) climbing, don't forget to take a look at the beach on the left of Ilchulbong specially between 13:00 and 15:00 when the old women divers are fishing.
Must visit in Jeju island
Climb up to the peak of the hill and you’ll get a fantastic view from the peak. Make sure you bring along a jacket with you as the wind is quite strong (the wind js strong during my visit).
Seongsan Ilchulbong
Getting to the crater was after a 20 minutes steep climb upwards via a rocky road made up of bumpy rocks. The steps got smaller, higher and steeper as you move higher up the crater. The view was amazing as you climb, and was breathtaking when you get to the top. The timing of the sunrise varies daily but the top may get a little crowded, so it’s advisable to climb up a little earlier to secure a good position. The way down was via another route, but this time, with proper stairway. It leads to another cliff of the just at the side of the bottom of the crater. You can either take the stairs down the cliff to the bottom where it’s closer to the seashore or you may go up the cliff and then make your way back to the entrance.
Very beautiful
This place was one of the prettiest places I've been so far! The ticket wasn't expensive, the price was actually very good, most of the people could pay more for it. The stairs up was very safety and the whole place was very clean also. Views was breathtaking! 
Supposedly the gem of jeju
we arrive here to herds and herds of tourist. It was quite a turn off to see from a distant the beeline of people ascending the steps so we decided to skip the hike and instead chill at the cafe nearby.
THE place to visit in jeju
This is the thing you should visit when you are in jejuto go up and down it takes 1h, not too difficult but good enough to make you tired!the view is amazing at the top, bring your own water cose it can be really there is a beach on the righ side at the bottom when you go down, some grand ma are selling fish down the beach, nobody are there
Nice view from the peak
it was a pleasant hike..some rain showers but the trail is not slippery, reaching the top and seeing the views will compensate the climbing and i love the fresh air. Binocular is also available for a 500coin krw 
Wonderful 
Excellent visit to this world heritage site. It is easy to get to by bus and the signage also guides you toward the entrance. It is unexpectedly cheap and there are lots of things to do and see. There are also many restaurants to choose from in the area. 
Quarter-Day in the fall
We drove over to Sunrise Peak on a rainy, windy day in October and knew that we would be back the following day when the rain was supposed to be gone. Thank goodness, we came back, it would have been a miserable and somewhat dangerous hike in the rain. The ticket for the hike was less than $4 USD for two adults. The hike is full of stone stairs, and if you follow the signs (please follow the signs, don't be that person) there are plenty of places to stop, rest, and enjoy the view. At the halfway point, there is even a small shop with drinks and a souvenir stand that will char a wood sign for you with your name. When we got to the top, and enjoyed the clear, clean skies (so different from Seoul) we could watch the fishing boats and could even see some of the Women Divers of Jeju at the bottom. My suggestion is to get there early, the trails opened at 0730 and enjoy your hike. The bus tours and most other Korean tourists won't be out that early. Wear good shoes and comfortable clothing and bring your camera. It was a lovely sight in October. By the time we came back down after enjoying the views and watching the divers, the parking lot was starting to fill up with many bus tours. This place would still be gorgeous, but not as fun, if we would have had to share the stone stairs with 3,000 of our closest tourists.
Hike up and be rewarded with an amazing view
Despite missing the sunrise on a gloomy drizzling day, we enjoyed our time at this attraction. In order to get some amazing view, one have to climb up the steps which isn't too steep. The view going up and going down from the other side is totally different. Highly recommend this place for nature lovers.
Lovely views
We got here by public bus from the Manjanggul caves. It took about an hour as we had to transfer. Using the public transport is a bit of an adventure in itself. I think the bus routes have been updated lately so even some of the locals seem confused at times.We looked at the top of the peak and thought, 'no way, this looks like it'll take 2 hours to climb'. However after asking other tourists we were told it takes about 25 minutes. I was sceptical as I'm not the fastest at going up stairs.The entry fee was 2,000 krw and despite taking quite a lot of short breaks on the way up we reached the top in 20 minutes! The views were lovely.We ended up doing this around midday and it was HOT. I recommend coming here earlier or later in the day if you can when it is a bit cooler. It was rewarding to reach the top. They are selling some drinks in the way up but I recommend that you pack some water as well as a snack to eat when you enjoy the views at the top.
Awesome views from the peak... A must in Jeju
This mountain (aka Sunrise Peak) is located to the eastern seaboard of the island and is not accessible easily if you are staying in one of the hotels in Jeju-ri (city area) in the north. You need to take public transport which can take you more than 1 hr (Blue intercity bus, flat rate 1200 W) or 50+ min by express bus (Red, flat rate 2000 W). It is advisable to put up overnight in one of the many hotels or guest houses in Seongsan itself so that you can wake up early and start your ascend to watch the sunrise.This will take about 25-40 min to climb up the well laid out steps if you do not stop along the way to take pictures. However it is advisable to stop along the numerous rest areas and take your own time to ascend. Certain parts can be quite steep so come with a good pair of canvas sneakers or hiking shoes, sunglasses, sun screen, bottles of water. The climb up is worth the effort as you will be rewarded with the fantastic views from the peak. Going down is much easier and you can stop at the foothill to watch the women divers putting up a demo at 1.30 pm and 3 pm. At the foothill is a public toilet and a McDonald and cafe apart from stalls selling souvenirs and cold drinks.
The spot to view the sunrise
For those who can get up early and it's amazing. The local tourism board also arrange an annual 2-day party on 31 Dec and 1 Jan where you find interesting booths for travellers of all ages which I happened to be there 2 years ago.
A speculator view
The mountain is rather easier to go, need not much effort unless you are old. But I heard some young ladies were quite dyspnoea. May be we needed more exercise to get better health. I went up around 1pm, and haven't enjoyed the sunrise view.It should be good to stay with the sun going up in the sky.
sea woman and pony riding inside
The sea woman's show and horse riding beach are all inside the park.Climb up takes 20 min. Then you are at the edge of the volcano.Must go place beautiful volcano peak.you can hear sea woman sing and eat their harvest. you can ride pony along the seashore.As you know, every scenery place cost 2,000.
Worth the climb!
Our visit was in the second week of September recently. It's quite an experience for both of us who are above 55yrs of age but nevertheless, we managed to reach the top! The view is so exhilarating and beautiful! Spend time taking photos and enjoy the cool breeze! You will not regret it even though the next day our calf muscles were sore!
Pleasant hike
Pleasant hike with young children, remember your water it was very hot on a mid august afternoon. Not too difficult a walk a few steps but enough photo shots to break it up for the kids. The view from the to is excellent out over the crater , to udo and remember to look at the pyroclastic cones behind you on the mainland. Don't forget the temple at the bottom in the car park worth a look.
A MUST GO in Jeju
Seongsan Ilchulbong, the ‘Sunrise Peak’ Peak rose from under the sea in a volcanic eruption over 100,000 years ago.The view is breathtaking, took about 30~40 minutes up to the peak, its definitely worth it. Prepare your camera.
Tired but worth with the beauty from top
This place is new of 7 wonders by UNESCO. There are a lot of place for you to take a beautiful pictures with the view mountain, ocean and city. They call this place s sunrise peak, you can check the schedule of sunrise in the stones in the front gate. You can buy a ticket around KRW 2,000 to enter. Then you can climb the mountain with hundreds of stairs (I didn't count it). Prepare yourself before climbing, better take a bottle of water. There are a view rest area while you climb the stairs. At the top you can see the very beautiful landscape. It's worth dude! 
One of the most visited spots in Jeju
Seongsan Ilchulbong or sunrise peak is one of the most visited spots in Jeju. We took a public bus here from port after visiting Udo Island. Lucky it is near the port as it was already late afternoon when we reached here. The parking lot was crowded with tour coaches and and you could see the crowd climbing up and down the peak. There was a well laid path which was fairly wide with steps leading up and separate steps leading down. Certain parts had narrower steps and you have to slow down. Although the peak was not very high, you still need to stop now and then to catch your breath as the steps were quite steep. As usual, wear good walking shoes and stay hydrated. The views from the top were awesome and if you come before dawn, you can catch a beautiful sunrise here. After climbing to the Udo lighthouse earlier, it was tiring to climb this peak as well but we managed. There are platforms and steps to sit on at the top to rest and relax. By the time we got a public bus back to Jeju city, it was already getting dark. You need to pay a small fee to climb up.
Worth the trip 
We came on a hot August day by bus. It is about 2 hours from the Intercity Bus Terminal (701). There is much to see. You can climb the steep ridge to the top or go below and see some of the expert women divers. Bring a hat and a sturdy umbrella. This is a stunning natural landmark and one of the rather unspoiled places on Jeju Island, which is crawling with unnecessary development.
View of Tombolo, Crater and Cliffs
Our family went there after watching sunrise in nearby beach, where we could shot sunrise with Seongsan on the background. It took about 30 mins for us to climb up to the top by the rather steep staircase, the higher we walked, we saw the full picture of the tombolo and its neigbour. Up to the top, which is a narrow path and watching performs, we saw the view of the 'crater", cliffs and the ocean. As we arrived early, there were not many people, we enjoy the quiet and time to camera, but when we walked down, we saw the full load of coach, and group of tourist.
Wonderful and high
You will need good shoes and ~20 min, and water, the rout is amazing, clean, safe and view is breathtaking, on the way back you can buy tangerine juice form the shops - delicious!
Great view of nature!
We went sometime March so the weather was a bit cold and the wind was strong since the mountain is near the ocean. Suggest to wear something warm and put on comfortable shoes for the hike. There are also cafes (Starbucks, etc.) and shops (Faceshop, local souvenir shops, etc.) by the entrance.
Seongsan Ilchulbong : : Climb of a lonely traveller
I got 28 hour spare time before my flight to Dhaka in my last visit to Korea. When I got this break at the very last moment, I searched Jeju air ticket and hotel booking online without any delay. As I purchased it at the last moment, I had to spend USD 125 more for air ticket and hotel booking. Jeju is a rush destination in summer. It's is a fairly large island to cover within 24 hours. Thanks to TripAdvisor and reviewers for helping me to select Seongsan Ilchulbong and Hamdaeok beach from many other attractions.Tourists have time, usually visit Seongsan Ilchulbong before dawn to observe Sunrise. That why it is also known as Sunrise peak. As I did’t had that option in hand, I climbed it at afternoon. I took a taxi from my hotel at Hamdaeok beach and it costs around USD 28. Bus is always cheaper but I had only 20 hours left in my hand to catch my return flight. Sunrise peak entry ticket costs USD 2 for adults and USD1 for child. Most of the review I read earlier suggests it takes 20 minutes to climb on the peak but as an amateur I took roughly 40 to 45 minutes to climb. There are two wide and convenient stairway to climb on the peak. I selected the left side stairway and eventually it was a right decision. Because there is a small grocery in the midway selling soft drinks and water for those who didn't buy it from the base. As usual they charge double for each drinks but it was a life saver for me. When I came down from the other way I didn't find any shop like this. There are also a midway station if you are tired want get refreshed for a while. When I reached on the peak I was almost exhausted. The view is literally breathtaking. I was sitting there more than one hour and a half as it is so charming that made for forget everything else of life. I came down from the other stair way. The surrounding is so calm and comfortable that I stayed their until it’s dark. Tips: Try to book air ticket and hotel upfront to save cost. Rely more in internet than locals advise because there is a high chance of misleading information due to language barrier. I lost twice in the island for relying on them and lost around 3 hours of my precious time. There are halal restaurant ( Bagdad and Rajmahal) in Jeju island. 4 days are fairly enough to cover most of the attraction of Jeju. It costs total USD 400 all inclusive for me for a quick tour , however if you are two them many cost will be shared within you. If I could catch the early morning flight from Gimpo airport at 7:30 am and save three more hours to arrive Jeju island then I could go to Udo island as well. I couldn't do that because I had to come from Suwon city. So if you stay at Seoul, you can catch 7:30 morning flight comfortably.
Wonderful view!
Nothing much to say but great view!You shoud wear lightweight hiking shoes and bring water; umbrella along.Food are not allowed.You should try boating also. (10000- 20000 won per person)It is really great!
Seeing is believing..
If you're into nature, love moderate hiking and stairs climbing, love to see sea and city thru the bird eye view, taking plenty of photos of nature formations and also selfies (or wefies), then wjy don't you go to Seongsan Ilchubong, Jeju Island, South Korea. Designated as Unesco World Heritage site, this mountain is one the best place that you can hike and feels the wind blows your hair or maybe yourself too. The combination of flat lands and also the hike to the peak gives you an unforgetable memories. With each steps you take to climb to the peak, you will encounter several break spots or photo viewing for you to stops and take photos. Half way thru to the peak, you can see the entire city below you and starting to see the seas too. Hike to the peak, you can the see majestic view of the Seongsan Ilchubong itself. To your front is wide sea and the flat land (heard that it's actually a death volcano, correct me if i'm wrong) and to your behind is the view of the city and their surrounding. Don't forget to take photo at the peak's signboard. The formation of the clouds and the sun may give you the awe moments to you, especially when it reflects to the sea surfaces. When you go down from the peak, try to look at your right. You may see people going down to feels the sea water. Mind you, sometimes the wind blows a bit strong. You need to pay for entrance and you don't like to hike to the peak, the ground is enough for you. Me and my friend, went there on Nov'15. Do try to enjoy nature at their best.
Climbing to the top 
A fantastic view, but take it easy if you're not into exercise. It's a steep climb to the top! We climbed on a hot day and if we didn't have water we wouldn't have made it! 
Amazing place
Hello everyone! This is a must do if you are on Jeju Island. It is a TON of walking and I will not ever recommend doing it on a hot day in the middle of the day because there is very little shade. It is a hard walk up a lot of steps but some very beautiful scenery. If you do hike it bring water and some fuel bars. It won't take you very long unless you are out of shape but even then it is worth every pain to get there. Truly breathtaking.
Be ready to walk... and get amazed!
There is a stair to reach to top to this extinct volcano. It seems easy at first but you will need to be prepared to reach its top. They put places to sit through the course.Since I was there during summer time, I sweated a lot. But reaching the top pay all physical efforts!Then you can walked down in order to see (and get enjoyed by) the friendly ladies who dive! It was nice to see that they also served the seafood they've just captured! You need to see them because they are now just a few and how knows if there will be more of them in the future.Remember 1: the presentations of this ladies happen in specific times (I got their 13:30pm presentation, so I had to walk fast up and down the volcano in order to see them)Remember 2: you should pay a ticket to get inside the park.I truly recommend you to reach both the top of the volcano and see the women divers presentation.
Great view!
Seongsan Ilchulbong provides a great view of the city, and ocean especially if you reach the peak.It's 180m up, and steep, so if you don't have the right condition it may be hard for you to climb up.The place is also famous for the women divers performance. It starts at 1:30pm and 3:00pm if I am not mistaken.There are also nearby shops in the area you won't get hungry or thirsty.If you collect city Starbucks mugs, there's a Starbucks nearby that offer Jeju mugs, cups and tumblers.
Spectacular views
We were there on a clouded day, which was perfect since you don't want to climb those stairs in a heatwave. Not alot of visitors, so we made plenty of pictures without any bombers. Definitely a must-see if you are in Jeju.
beautiful place & good for take 1day visit
beautiful place & good for take 1day visit if you have time in jeju. we take off bus stop prior to entrance and take many picture at the outside of Seongsan Ilchulbong. it has a beautiful beach & flower and horses etc... after that, went inside the hill. we went to the end of cliff that has a show for haenyeo starting time was 1330 & 1530. that has a dance & sing a song before go inside the sea. first time to close view their hard duty as actually jeju still getting many haenyeo woman as i viewed that carrying the orange ball inside the sea. some near coastal and some in the middle of ocean. seem take a long time duty such a hard duty.after that we went to hill of Seongsan. good view but the summit just a half & not easy to identify. but overall view & trail was enjoyable. must see
One of my favorites
Definitely one of my favorite places in Jeju-do. Beutiful, worth visiting during the sunset. Beautiful view and the hike is quite easy, so good for families with kids as well.
Beautiful part of Jeju
I went to this peak three times during my stay for a year on Jeju island! First time was in August when it was sweltering hot, so I never climbed it just took pictures from the bottom. The second time I went was in September when it was cooler and I climbed it and it only took the recommended time of 30 minutes. Such a beautiful view and the sign saying you reached the top is very nice. My last time climbing it was in December for the sunrise and my mom and I made it to the top just before sunrise but it was an overcast day so we only saw a tiny bit of pink under the clouds but still it was a nice view of Jeju from that height! Definitely recommend doing this while you are in Jeju :)
Great view
Great view up from the foot all the way up to the top of the peak. Took about 30 -40 mins to climb up and down.Be sure to visit the Haenyeo- woman diver at the mini beach area. You can eat live seafood- sea cucumber, octopus, abalone etc if you are brave enough.
Stunning view 
Such a beautiful place with stunning viewIt is a must visit when you come to jeju islandDon't forget to gear up with comfy shoes because you will need to hike if you want to get the best view of this placeMake sure you buy a bottled of tangerine juice because it tastes delicious
The mountain displayed on all those billboards!
We went for sunset and it was stunning. There were quite a few people but I imagine fewer than there were at sunset. Make sure to go to the black sand beach close to the mountain too. 
Beautiful place
Although it's raining and foggy day, the view is wonderful. The sea women show is funny. Highly recommend.
Amazing Seongsan!
Awesome! to climb to the peak takes at least 1 hour in a walk and stop manner! nice view of the sea. 
Beautiful Views
I found this to be the best attraction in Jeju. It really is a lot of stairs, so if you are not good in health condition, this might be very tiresome. But there are rest points a long the way, so you can take your time. There are little shops and restaurants around after you finish your hike. Beautiful views to take pictures both going up and down.
