Fastest transportation
Easy to use, you can even download some app so you can search the subway direction easier. This is the fastest transportation, we can save our travel time so we can visit more place. It's a good way to lose some weight too, because sometimes you need to walk then take a stairs to change a line haha. But after all this is still the best and fastest transportation if you want to explore Seoul.
Good Network
Convinient but lack of foreign language available. Signboard could be confusing for foreigner at times.
Don't forget your refund
It was easy to use the ticket purchasing machine to get the correct number of transfers. The metro was easy to use. Don't forget that you pay a deposit. Get your refund on your deposit before you leave.
Best I’ve ever seen !
The Korean metro system is extensive - with 21 lines, and is all you’ll ever need here to get around. The metro even goes quite far in the countryside.In essence - during a 2 week stay with plenty of travel, we never had to take any public transport other than the metro. 
Ease to get around
It was very convenient to take Seoul Metro to get around the city. It connects with bus lines and fees are really cheap. 
T Money Card
After a day or two of using the metro, it's pretty easy! If it's your first time using the metro you'll want to purchase a T Money card. You can get one at pretty much any gas station or convenience store and then you'll add money to it at any metro station. A T Money card will save you lots of time and money if you're going to use the metro a lot, but you can also buy single trip tickets as well. 
Concenient
The metro is rather cheap and good to get around. Especially as there is lots of traffic in the city.
Great way to travel
Buy a T-card, and you can use the Metro to go almost anywhere in Seoul. The Metro is clean, and the trains run often. The only downside is that there are many stairs and not many escalators, relatively speaking.
Idiot proof 
I am a buffoon when it comes to tranaport, and rhe Seoul Metro is English Idiot proof, simple Maps simple connections and more importantly ita cheap 
Clean and efficient
Seoul metropolitan subway in South Korea is the most widely used rapid railway transport system in the world, featuring ten subway lines. It is clean and efficient. The system serves the ten million people who live and work in Seoul as well as the provinces of Gyeonggi, Incheon and northern Chungnam. The total length of the subway line is about 180 miles. The subway lines are colour coded – and the signs are in English and Korean. The Seoul Metro underground system has 291 stations. The lines are operated by four companies – Seoul Metropolitan Subway (Seoul Metro), Seoul Metropolitan Rapid Transit (SMRT), Korail (Korea National Railroad) and Metro 9. The transfer points and stations are announced through pre-recorded messages in both Korean and English.
Best transit system in Asia
We live in Japan and thought they're transit system was great but Seoul is by far superior and CHEAP! Buy your "T" card from station or any 7/11. 
Easy to use and cheap.
If you're in Seoul then I thoroughly recommend using the Metro to get around as it cheap and really easy to use and not overcrowded like other underground railways I could mention.
A little odd for a forienger
I rode this system in 2008 and although it was not to difficult, as a white American, I often felt uneasy; a few times there were Korean males that would stare at me. Unsure why but it could have just been an unawareness of culture. Ensure that you have a Metro map and understand the layout, as well as where your travel targets are. Traveled in 2008
Seoul Metro.
The Metro is by far the quickest method of travelling in and around the capital, but there are several lines, and the tourist might find it a little complicated as little is written in English. It is efficient, speedy, but overground buses might be easier to find your way around.
Great if you have a transport card, not if you need to buy tickets
The vast majority of Koreans that use the Seoul Metro use T-Money cards or similar for accessing the trains. But visitors without a T-Money card are at the mercy of the ticket machines at the stations. And it is very clear very quick that they are not frequently used. My first experience was an attempt to buy a T-Money card using the vending machine at the station. I followed the prompts (in English) and did everything I was supposed to do and it didn’t dispense a card. I tried cancelling the transaction and no luck. I tried pressing the help button, but no one answered and no one came.With no other option, I went to the single ticket vending machine. I selected the station I was going to and while I was putting money into the machine it timed out and cancelled the transaction. Fortunately it did return my money, but it took me trying multiple times at that machine and two times at a different machine before I got a ticket. I explained this to the local team I was working with and they agreed to come down and help me, obviously suspecting user error. It took us three attempts to get a ticket. The machine wouldn’t accept my bill, so my coworker got out their bills and it wouldn’t accept them either. We tried 2 more machines before it finally took the money and gave me a ticket.Over the length of my trip I used the metro 5 times and was never able to get a ticket to dispense the first or second try. What a complete mess.As for the trains themselves, they are clean and relatively modern. Realize if you hit the metro during rush hour, you will be herded into the car and squeezed in until there is no possible way to get anyone else into the car.In the end, it is a very convenient system obviously not designed for visitors. Unless you are comfortable with frustration, taxis Amy be a better alternative for the traveler. 
Great system but could have been more user friendly .......
We have been to Seoul F&E few times & always uses the Metro & buses.Its an excellent, clean, efficient & comprehensive system that bring one to most attractions in/out of city ( incorporating buses on certain outlying attractions).For first timer, take note :1. The underground stations are very big (super huge esp in city stations). Be prepared for very long daily walks & climbing steep level of stairs at every station esp if you are doing a transfer within. 2. For most stations, you have to climb up many stairs to exit or transfer to next line. And there are alot of steps to climb. Only certain stations or sections have escalators or lifts. You will be very "fit" after leaving Korea. Imagine carrying your big baggage up or the steep stairs. Its common to climb many many hundreds of steps daily.3. A noticeable but essential facility for tourists is now missing. All stations now do not have information office ( empty) except for a few. In our last trip it was still available. Be prepared to ask locals for help for directions. Language is a problem as many don't speak English.4. The directional signs are confusing & with insufficient information. In the huge stations, be prepared to walk very long to try & find right exits. To make matters worse, many stations are linked as well.Eg - when we exited no 6 to our intended place, we ended up at a much farther at another station exit 6. Directional signs only show exit numbers, not the location. Only on road level, it shows the station names.Often asking locals for help is a problem due language & one could end up worse due miscommunication. But the locals are very nice- they always try to help.5. Its not easy to use the ticket machines. On top of the regular queues. Save yourself the hassles.Buy a T-money card from 7-Eleven & other convenience stores. Top up at similar shops. Just tap & go- can be used for buses as well.Although this is a great system, its not user friendly. Do not recommend to use this system comprehensively for those with young children, elderly or those with physical or health issues.
Clean, Fast & Not Expensive
The Seoul Metro is an excellent way to get around the city and escape the horrendous Seoul traffic. It is well worth the money.
good public transportation
very extensive metro line and tourist attraction sites are reachable with the metro. however it is not that disabled-friendly. Some flights of stairs at some stations without elevators or escalators
Convenient 
Very easy to navigate and convenient to use. T money very convenient to load. You would also admire how koreans will not occupy the seats dedicated for elderly and /or would get up (and offer the seat) once an elderly enters the train. 
My favorite game in Seoul!
I can't imagine a better transportation system in our age than Seoul metro!It's cheap and it's fun and very efficient.Cons:It is getting closed at midnight, so the only time I had to use Taxi in Seoul was when I stayed late in my friend home.Also, the T-card can be recharged only with cash, so you have to bring enough cash with you and not depend on cc.
Easy
The Seoul metro is easy to use, read and understand. It helps to know which exit your destination is close to. The exits are well marked and directional sign posted. There is a difference in trains though. On some one can easily follow the journey with lighted indicators. The sound system that announces the stations is not easily heard. Best to have a T card for quick in and out of stations. The system is similar to many other metro systems in the world. 
Easy, efficient, timely
As in all things Asian, Korean, the height of efficiency. Even for a tourist the system is easy, no language skills necessary.Fast, always on time, clean.
Easy to navigate
This is a easy system that takes you anywhere you want to go. Be warned, however, there are lots of stairs and few escalators. Your legs may be sore!
Peak hour is scary
Beware the harmless looking little old ladies who will attempt to mow you down if you're in their path. Also, people may not allow you to exit before barging in. Get ready to fight your way out during peak hour. And also.. the central heating makes the trains extremely hot and stuffy. Try not to faint. Also some train apps integrate the AREX lines with the metro lines. Beware that although it's stations with the same name, they are not always integrated (ala in the same location). 
Easy to use
One of the best metro systems, The announcements of the train are in both Korean and just about audible English. When we did have a problem finding a platform locals were very helpful. Fares are very reasonable.
Great 
The best and easy to way to move in Seoul. First you should know that, any amount of money remaining in your Tmoney card it can be refunded easily anytime if that is less than 20000 KRW from GS25 “convenience stores”. Also, this card can be used in buses in Jeju island. 
Excellent for adults. Doable with a stroller, but not recommended.
The Seoul metro is wonderful if you want to get anywhere in the city or beyond. It's very easy to use and apps will tell you arrival times to the minute and which door of which train car to exit from to get to your connection quickest. You're not supposed to take strollers on the escalators (obviously), which means you'll need to use the escalator if you're traveling with small child. In some of the larger stations, they're easy to find; in others, it can be a real hassle to find the handicap accessible route. Sometimes it's not even an elevator, and it's just a chair lift attached to the side of the staircase (I believe there are a few like this near the palaces). Just something to keep in mind if you're traveling with small kids.
Efficient, Quick, Cost effective
Efficient, Quick, Cost effective. Do buy the T-MONEY card if you are staying for more than 2 days.....  
Very helpful
You download the app and it’a a very convenient way of transportation when you want to go to different places. You just need to know where you’re going. 
A little scary, a little complicated looking, but then...
Do not worry, after a while it all starts to make sense! I used an app named “city mapper” which makes traveling around Seoul much easier (on the bus too), but make sure you remember which stop to get off at incase your phone runs out etc!But a top up card from the local supermarket and your ready to go! (This also works on the busses and metros) I’ve attached a metro map for your convenience, hope this helps! 
Great connectivity
Every traveller will find this best to move around and with TMobile card valid for metro rides it makes it very convenient way to see the city .The card is available from Story Way Convenience Store locations all over the city 
Crowded
Crowded, many people. Small chance to get a seat. Mostly standing up all the way. Quite convenient, a bit confusing with Korean alphabet and language. But manageable. Easiest transportation and organized.
Smooth and easy
Seoul metro is very convenient. Just download the subway map from app store, it will show and teach you all the routes you need. Bravo!! 
Always on-time :)
Never missed out on my appointments as the trains were absolutely running smoothly.Not as crowded compared to Tokyo.
Clean and efficient
One thing i get jealous about always when i visit different coutries is their metro system. Oh man, Seoul's metro system is sooooooo nice. HUHU. A lot of stations have transfer stations, train intervals are fast, clean bathrooms at every station, you can change to long haul commuter train and even airports. Wow.
Know where you are going before boarding this-Can get very crowded and stuffy
Seoul is a very crowded city of over 15 million, and getting around in this city is not easy. Using Seoul Metro saves time as it rides on its own railroad tracks, but its destinations are limited. You need to plan ahead by getting the maps of Seoul Metro map, Seould underground train map, and various bus map, and plan ahead for your travel destinations. During commute times, this Metro can get very crowded, and during summer time, it gets stuffy and hot. Nevertheless, it is a viable alternative to very busy Seoul streets in getting around. If you use taxi, count on getting into a long traffic jam especially during commute times or during week-end.
Easy Peasy
This is the most reliable transport facilities outside Japan that is reliable, efficient and affordable. The station is user friendly, there is an underground shopping thats serves the opportunity for any last minuite shopping.They have 9 lines that connects Seoul to almost every part of the city. Not as busy as the Japanese lines.
Pigout
Real new york style food. It's so delicious.Every food is tasty clean. small space but food is real good.!!!
Easy and convenient
The Seoul subway has been a lot easier than I could have expected to use. Clean, convenient and fast. The only thing I can't cope with is how warm it is down there lol
Good service but slow
Compared to London the trains are less frequent and it takes longer to get anywhere! The stations were easy enough to navigate though, 80% of the time.
Better than in Europe
Travelling with the metro in Seoul is a very special experience. Allthough it is a +20 million city travelling is not such a problem as you should expect, mainly because of the discipline of the local populateion and the many metro officers who will help a smooth operation. And by the way, free wifi is for free in all stations!
The best way to tavel through Seoul
The Seoul Metro is far better than a means to get around Seoul. Not only is it is the most reliable means, it connects to stations that can take you to anywhere in South Korea with rail service.From my first visit to Korea in Nov '88 in the days of only four rail lines, to my most recent in Nov '16, it has evolved to one of the finest in the world. There are going to run out of colors to name the numerous lines...
Clean and on time
Its a HUGE subway system and the station names are a mouthful but subways are same same around the world. Go on be game! It'll save you time and your feet 
Beware, not all stops are in English 
Seoul Metro is clean and user friendly sometimes. Not all stops are in English, but if you are watching on google maps when you should be expecting a stop it usually works out. Use a T-Money card if you plan on using the public transit at all. 
Good
Easy find......if u have app subway of koreaEnjoy your vacation First time U must ready by yourself
Lotsa walking and too many lines
Korea has a complex metro system but it's highly reliable. There are many interchange stations and be prepared for extensive walking and climbing of stairs. Not easy to find elevator and escalator in the stations. If you are travelling with kids or elderly, it's easier to take the cab. Train cabins were packed during weekends. If you intend to lug heavy luggages to take airport train back, i would highly recommend the airport bus instead. T Money left cannot be used in Incheon airport transit area except for Starbucks. If you intend to keep the cute T Money card, utilise it at the nearest convenience store or take the airport bus ₩10000. 
The best transportation for pedestrian tour in Seoul
Seoul metro has 11lines with connection of satelite cities. Also metro provide one pass connected with public bus. Once you buy public transportation card you can use it for metro and bus. This card is very convenient because you just put the card on payment pannel in metro or bus. Please enjoy it.
Easy
Easy to get around with. Just ask for a map of the metro or look at the boards at the station. It wel get you where ever you want to go.
Good system but maybe confusing
The Seoul train systems consists of train and metro. The routes are planned logically and connected to each other well. I believe the design was originallt from Japan as it is very similar to Tokyo system. The vending machine for tickets is good where you find multiple languages including English and Chinese. You pick youe destination and number of tickets and the machine will calculate the total cost. One time ticket gas a 500won deposit and you can get refund from a different machine at each exit. All most all stations have three level structure where the first floor is gound floor entrance and there are escalators to B1. At B1, it is the train station entrance where you check the map, plan your trip and buy tickets. Once you enter the station, you go to B2 to take the train. There are names and directions on the glass panel. The train will annouce stations for each stop, mostly in Korean and English. Once you are off the train, you either go one level up for exit or go to the connected corridor for transit except for some large stations where you need to go up and transit and go down again for anothet train. I lost a few times when I have difficulties finding the right exit or the ticket does not work if the exit is wrong. I eventually figure it out how it is set up and Never get lost. Large stations with multiple line transit could be confusing when you are first there and see Korean only.
Best way to get around the city!
Easy to navigate and the best way to get around the city. The stations and trains are clean and well maintained. Get your subway T money card and top up the money. Costs for a single journey are cheaper than subways on most other cities.There are plenty of signs in English so it's never difficult to find the correct exit for your desired destination at the station.
