I learned so much!
We learned all about the Korean War. It is a beautiful memorial for all those who sacrificed. I am glad we went. We had a guide but we didn't need one. This is one museum that has a ton of English explanations and videos. It was actually distracting to have a guide. I wish we didn't have one.
Offers a good summary of what happened in the Korean War
Not ever knowing alot about the Korean War, my husband and I spend a full morning here and thought that The The War Memorial did an outstanding job explaining why the Korean War happened, what happened, and why the current situation exists. If you have any curiosity about the Korean War at all, don't miss this Museum. Even though it does not charge for admission, we left a donation because we were so impressed with its quality.
A must visit local
Don't know much about the Korean War...You definitely must visit this Memorial. It is full of archival footage of a terrible time in the history of this wonderful country. It is nicely set up and easy to follow all the displays. You must see it for yourself.
Great info before JSA tour!
Great place to go to brush up on your korean history. We enjoyed Our short tour here before our JSA tour. The statues outside were great. 
amazing place!
very well preserved and very well kept and provides a lot of information on the Korean war. informative and wonderful place to visit
Worth the trip
Free entrance and a very cool experience for me to visit the place and learn more about the Korean War that my grandfather fought in as a 17 year old kid. This gave me a better understanding of what happened, the Korean conflict, the USA involvement, and the sacrifices that were made. Many vehicles, tanks, planes, etc.. to see. We happily spent 2-3 hours here. I feel privileged to be able to vist this place that not so long ago was under attack.
Amazing, A Must-Visit
This is one of the best museums I have visited, worldwide. On the outside there's a Korean War Memorial and plenty of static military vehicles (airplanes, boats, tanks, etc). On the inside, you venture through a very interactive display of Korea's history, from very early history to modern day. Many of the key Korean battles are reenacted through props, projections, and videos. It's a very large museum, so make sure you allot plenty of time explore it in its entirety .
A must visit in Seoul
I only gave myself 2 hours in this Museum, so I whizzed around very quickly taking in all the highlights! I would recommend at least 3 hours, if you have the time to spare. The Museum is huge and there is plenty to see and keep you occupied. A very important place to visit if you want to get to grips with Korean history. The 'War Rooms' are curated really well, lots of interactive stuff and video installations. Two 4-D cinemas and I'd really recommend visiting the artwork called The Drop. The Museum is FREE! and they also have FREE leaflets/guides in English so it's easy to navigate.
Awesome museum
Very impressive museum about the past and current conflicts in the Korean Peninsula.Outside the museum some impressive monuments are placed to remember the Korean conflict and honor the fallen soldiers.You can easily walk for hours in this amazing museum. Outside there are some war vehicles placed. The most impressive one for me was the B-52.
Good understanding on the Korean war
Comprehensive explanation of the why and how on Korea war. Good exhibits and audio- visual presentations. Free entrance to main permanent exhibits
Korean war history in a nutshell
Free entry to well organised war museum. We went on a Sunday and it was strangely quiet. The 4D, 3D and 2D short movies were very informative. Lot of photo opportunities for real life replica of vehicles, weapons etc
A really interesting place to visit
We spent half a day here looking around and checking out the vehicles in the grounds, well worth a visit.
This museum / memorial is amazing
Large amount of military equipment and other exhibits. A lot of detail and history of Korea and the war. Tip: Go on Monday if you are interested in the military equipment. The main building is closed but the outdoor military equipment and memorial are open... you'll have the grounds to yourself. 
worth visit
you should spend more than two hours there.... I was there for 2 hours and I can't finish everything therethere are too many things deserve you stay and read them all. I almost cry when I read the history of Korea....I would still visit there when I visit Seoul next year!!PS. you are allowed to enter until 5pm and they close at 6pm
Plan to spend some hours here! It's worth it. 
My husband and I went here and only planned to spend 2 hours here. We needed much more time and wish we would have planned half a day here. The whole memorial is mind blowing and inspiring. Go and visit if you can. 
Very Interesting
Definitely a place to visit! With planes, tanks, and lots of other war and military equipments on display, it's worth a look. For someone who knew little about the Korean War, the three levelled museum (free entrance) was very captivating, informative, and English-speaking friendly. There are films and a couple 4D experiences as well. We spent over two hours and only saw the displays outside and the second level. To see the whole museum I would put aside more time if you wanted to see the whole thing. Highly recommend it! 
A Great History Lesson Awaits
Highly recommend US visitors go early during your trip to this memorial. Great materials, shows, etc. to explain the background and details of the Korean War. This visit gave us the context to understand many of the things we saw during our stay. Expansive buildings and grounds.
History of Korean War
Outdoor exhibition of Korean War era planes, tanks, armored vehicles, ships. Both Us, Korean, Russian and Chinese. Extensive exhibitions inside including terrific audio-video presentations. Some of the best I've seen anywhere. So much to see that it is difficult to do in one day. Recommend breaking it up so as to get the most from the experience.
Outstanding Free Museum
Everything you might want to know about the Korean War and a large inventory of tanks, planes, helicopters and even some boats outside.Recommend spending at least an hour or two.
Museum with 4D theater!
For every trip that I take, it is a must for me to visit a museum. This museum has not disappointed me at all. At first, I was amazed by how vast the area is and the outside area looks very clean. What amazed me though was the 4D theater! There is no entrance fee in this museum and yet I was able to experience it.It's a great way to learn about war and the not so good things that come out of it.
Must visit in Seoul
Apart from Kpop, Kdrama and smartphones, Sokor is known for one of the most brutal and deadly civil war in history, the Korean War in 1950-53.This museum gives special emphasis and showcases the gallantry of the south as well as their gratitude to the other nations who threw their support to their cause. This is best shown by the display of colors/flags of these nations. I was just disappointed though that their records dont bear the names of soldiers who were lucky enough to go hom alive as my grandfather did. They do pay special homage to those who laid down their lives helping a neighbor repeal their brother's invasion.On display on its sprawling grounds are military relics and weaponry through the years. A trip to this museum before or after going on a DMZ tour is highly recommended for further context to understanding the Korean conflict. 
Very well done!
My 20yo daughter and I visited yesterday. One of the reviews mentioned spending a 2-3 hours here. Well, we spent 3+ and only saw about 2/3 of it! This is not just a memorial for the Korean War, but a memorial to Korean patriots throughout history. Wonderfully done! I only wish we had be able to see it all.
Impressive Museum
I would definitely put this on your too do list. It not only has a focus on the Korean war but also in depth look at battles fought over the past 1500 years.There is no entry fee for this exhibit, but donation boxes are located on site. Very close to the train station and the National Museum.
Very thorough museum on korean war
I normally don't like these types of museums much but with such a high TA rating, I figured I go. I liked the outside exhibits of the tanks and airplanes the most. They also have a boat that got shot up. I did not find the inside of too much interest but I don't have alot of interest in korean war. There were many exhibits though so if you do have interest in the wars of korea, this is definitely the place
Very impressive 
You can easily spend 2-3 hours between the exhibits and outdoor equipment displays. Especially liked the B-52. The exhibits cover a lot of Korean military history from ancient times. Non-native visitors will likely find the 2nd level (what Westerners refer to as the Korean conflict) the most interesting. If you're pressed for time or not a hardcore history nerd, see that area first before venturing further.
great
the very first thing to do when you in Seoul. It is all free so really a must try. highly recommend froe everyone
Blew me away!
The museum was undergoing renovations and wasn't opened when I visited, but the display of the old artillery, tanks, guns, missiles and aircraft really was something not to be missed. From P51 Mustang, a Phantom fighter jet to an actual B52 Bomber on display, my son and I were simply in awe for the 2 hours we were there. Pity the museum wasn't opened. I'll be sure to come back again the next time I'm in Seoul.Oh, the pun in the title was really unintended...
Impressive, moving sight
Even if you don't visit the (free) memorial museum. the vast esplanade that surrounds it is well worth seeing. The engravings of the role call of those that died from all the nations involved is very moving. The actual memorial is very impressive and stands at the main gate.
One for the nerds - so it's lucky that I qualify ...
Lots of history here, and not just what we Westerners call "the" Korean war.Well laid out exhibitions, and something for every nerd.A little heavy handed on the "we wuz robbed" view of history, with plucky Korea continually being buffeted by ill-thinking foreigners. Then again, I guess that isn't so far from the truth.
Well worth a visit
This excellent museum really has some accessible displays that really help one to understand the Korean war and th struggle of the Korean people. I also really enjoyed the the historical section on the lower floors. The volunteer guides are really helpful too.
Weapons weapons weapons
If you like military stuff and you are mainly interested in weapons of all kinds starting with a real B52-D Bomber and other aircrafts, tanks, missiles etc then this is the place to visit. I was hoping to get more insights into the historical aspects why the wars were actually started, but got rather disappointed. It's more about the who and how instead of the why (in contrary to the War Remnants Museum in HCMCity). Still recommended to visit.
A different take on the Korean War
We all learn about the Korean War (a little anyways) in high school history class. To us it is always that little thing in between WWII and Vietnam. This museum is really good at demonstrating that the Korean War was a war of survival for the people of South Korea. It also takes a different view of a lot. Americans seems to always view it through the lens of "and then we save South Korea," whereas they view it as a war of survival in which others aided them. It also gives a really good idea of the international involvement. Ultimately a "must see" when visiting Seoul.
A reminder to choose peace
A place to be reminded why we should choose peace. Expect to be teary eyed specially at "the drop". Watching and learning the different stories of heroes, kindness and selfless acts despite the ugliness of war would also restore your faith in humanity.Tip: start with the top floor; wheelchair accessible; multilingual materials available; free entrance
Well Worth visiting
This could b a whole days activity if u like the history of any wars that Korea has been involved in. I went because my father was a Korean War Veteran but it has three stories of history of Korean wars back to 16 BC. It has a big display of military vehicles that children can get into eg planes, tanks and a big ship. It has a children's museum as well. Well worth visiting. U could take lunch and sit in the gardens to eat.
Good museum
It was good because throughout the museum, it gave lots of information in details how, where, when and why. The displays were good and fascinating, we were spending abt 3 hrs there and watched 2 short video in Eng, a 3D rides, looking at the guns, tanks, jets, and lots. The boys loved to feed the fishes ($1000won put in the box to get a bag of popcorns), and looking at the jets plus the museum is free entry.
Amazing
This is a very nice museum with multiple floors. Make sure that you allow yourself plenty of time as this could easily take up an entire day. You may want to get a tour as doing it by yourself can be overwhelming. 
Interesting thing to see
We had nice visit to this memorial, know more about the war between the north & south Korea a half century before. Many war weapons. Good chance to learn about the war.
Worth the trip!!!
More of a museum than a memorial, but it does not matter.Fascinating and emotionaly moving site everybody should visit when in Seoul. Admission is free, the visit takes about 2 hours and the exhibits are just...impressive.
Brought the Korean War to life
Large collection of old and current planes/tanks/artillery outside and 3 floors of exhibits inside. We just Ed did the Korean War level. Lots of videos as well as items, all in English as well as Korean. Clearly and well explained the background and details of the war
An Enlightening Experience
I truly believe that the War Memorial of Korea is a must visit location when visiting Korea. Being from a western country where war has not been waged in my country for over 150 years (Canada) it was an experience to see what Korean people have gone though for many years. And this place is free to visit!The museum focuses on war from ancient times to modern times. There are some great exhibits on the Japanese occupations and wars of Korea. but the real highlight is the modern wars. Learning and knowing the suffering that the Korean people have gone through and how far they have come from being so poor after war to where they are now is amazing. It is also good to remember that they are constantly being threatened with war again and again even today. There are many old pieces of machinery outside and there are even a few you can go inside. These are great to see up close and feel these huge machines. I really do recommend everyone to visit this location when they are in Seoul.You can check out this and other attractions like the National Museum of Korea on our website at the link in my profile.
Interesting look at war in Korea
On my first visit, I mistakenly believed that it was a museum dedicated to the Korean War. It's actually a museum to all war in Korea, of which there has been no small amount. From stone tools to the Gulf invasions, it covers most everything. 
Unbelievable Scale and Incredible Breadth
The War Memorial is a vast landmark that speaks volumes to the measure of feeling South Koreans have related to not only the unfinished war and all that came before and after it. The grounds alone could occupy you for over an hour and the inside could keep you busy all day. Not only does it include the three exhibits related to the Korean War, the third and final being a moving homage to the nation's who answered call to aid "people they never met and a country they never knew", there are also numerous exhibits on Korea's older history, including the Joseon Dynasty, the Japanese occupation and other special exhibits that change regularly. For any of the culturally curious or historically fascinated, this is an absolute must in Seoul. 
Chand
Went here in Sept. 2017. Was a memorable experienceLovely well maintained gardens.Well laid out. Loved Indian and Great Britain areas. Would definitely recommend everyone visiting Seoul to go. I did not want to leave,it is very pleasant feeling to stay longer.
Very very big
There's a lot to read about the Korean War.. A LOT to read. I nearly everything, but it feels like physically walking through a textbook. Some of the information repeats itself a lot thoughout the museum, but it isn't presented in interesting new ways to make you want to re-read it. The outside has some neat pieces, like the clock that will be installed at the time of reunification. The 4D movies inside are refreshing, and the historical models look nice as well. Overall not many high points for how long you will spend here. Wouldn't go again or recommend to friends, but to each his own
A Truly Great Experience.
I was impressed. The was it was set up, the sprawling complex was breathtaking. I especially love the collection of aircrafts. Watched the 3D movie, learned a thing or two about the Koreans sense of duty and their devotion in defending their motherland. Great experience!
Stunning Tribute Musuem
Incredible collection of military artifacts dating back to the early medieval period. Exhibits are well layed out and varied and the grounds outside the musuem house a nice collection of vehicles. Did I mention it's free?
Not a Boring Museum
The place is huge! My family and I didn't get to explore all the floors because we arrived there at around 2 in the afternoon and every floor got interesting memorabilia and history that it might really take a while before you move on to see another section. At the ground floor, by the way, is the imposing turtle ship (not the original one) made famous by Admiral Yi Sun-shin. If you haven't yet seen the movie, "Roaring Currents", watch it and you'll see how the turtle ship made an appearance there. =)At around 5:00, we decided to skip the other remaining top floors and head out to check the war ship docked outside the museum and the fleet of war planes and tanks. It was so cool, really.There's so much to see in this place and so much awe-worthy historical war items. My country was a part of it too (during the Korean War, them and the Koreans were allies) so it's really heartwarming to see that our soldiers are not forgotten. ^_^
The War Memorial of Korea : Best Place near Iteawon
The War Memorial of Korea: Best Place near Itaewon-Best place near Seoul to see the history-Entry is Free of cost-Explore the history about South Vs North Korea-Lot of old weapons, fighter planes, Tanks, and ships.-Don't miss the 3D video about the war history-Near to Metro/Subway station, 5 minutes walk.-3-4 Hours are good enough to see the museum
Great museum
This is a fantastic museum. Presents a good view of the Korean War, with heavy emphasis on the participation of other countries. Exhibits are in English, and there is a multilingual app available for other languages. Definitely worth a visit when staying in Seoul.  
If you love history...
We visited this place because we were with my brother-in-law and he may be interested in this museum. During our visit, there was a field trip of little kids, and they were all adorable. There are fighter planes and jets outside the museum, which would catch your interest. Inside the museum, there are different areas that would touch your interests.
